[{"title":"Dick Johnson Is Dead","tags":" Kirsten Johnson  As her father nears the end of his life, filmmaker Kirsten Johnson stages his death in inventive and comical ways to help them both face the inevitable. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Blood & Water","tags":"  Ama Qamata, Khosi Ngema, Gail Mabalane, Thabang Molaba, Dillon Windvogel, Natasha Thahane, Arno Greeff, Xolile Tshabalala, Getmore Sithole, Cindy Mahlangu, Ryle De Morny, Greteli Fincham, Sello Maake Ka-Ncube, Odwa Gwanya, Mekaila Mathys, Sandi Schultz, Duane Williams, Shamilla Miller, Patrick Mofokeng After crossing paths at a party, a Cape Town teen sets out to prove whether a private-school swimming star is her sister who was abducted at birth. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Kota Factory","tags":"  Mayur More, Jitendra Kumar, Ranjan Raj, Alam Khan, Ahsaas Channa, Revathi Pillai, Urvi Singh, Arun Kumar In a city of coaching centers known to train India\u2019s finest collegiate minds, an earnest but unexceptional student and his friends navigate campus life. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Sankofa","tags":" Haile Gerima Kofi Ghanaba, Oyafunmike Ogunlano, Alexandra Duah, Nick Medley, Mutabaruka, Afemo Omilami, Reggie Carter, Mzuri On a photo shoot in Ghana, an American model slips back in time, becomes enslaved on a plantation and bears witness to the agony of her ancestral past. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Great British Baking Show","tags":" Andy Devonshire Mel Giedroyc, Sue Perkins, Mary Berry, Paul Hollywood A talented batch of amateur bakers face off in a 10-week competition, whipping up their best dishes in the hopes of being named the U.K.'s best. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The Starling","tags":" Theodore Melfi Melissa McCarthy, Chris O'Dowd, Kevin Kline, Timothy Olyphant, Daveed Diggs, Skyler Gisondo, Laura Harrier, Rosalind Chao, Kimberly Quinn, Loretta Devine, Ravi Kapoor A woman adjusting to life after a loss contends with a feisty bird that's taken over her garden \u2014 and a husband who's struggling to find a way forward. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Je Suis Karl","tags":" Christian Schwochow Luna Wedler, Jannis Niew\u00f6hner, Milan Peschel, Edin Hasanovi\u0107, Anna Fialov\u00e1, Marlon Boess, Victor Boccard, Fleur Geffrier, Aziz Dyab, M\u00e9lanie Fouch\u00e9, Elizaveta Maximov\u00e1 After most of her family is murdered in a terrorist bombing, a young woman is unknowingly lured into joining the very group that killed them. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Dear White People","tags":"  Logan Browning, Brandon P. Bell, DeRon Horton, Antoinette Robertson, John Patrick Amedori, Ashley Blaine Featherson, Marque Richardson, Giancarlo Esposito Students of color navigate the daily slights and slippery politics of life at an Ivy League college that's not nearly as \"post-racial\" as it thinks. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Falsa identidad","tags":"  Luis Ernesto Franco, Camila Sodi, Sergio Goyri, Samadhi Zendejas, Eduardo Y\u00e1\u00f1ez, Sonya Smith, Alejandro Camacho, Azela Robinson, Uriel del Toro, G\u00e9raldine Baz\u00e1n, Gabriela Roel, Marcus Ornellas Strangers Diego and Isabel flee their home in Mexico and pretend to be a married couple to escape his drug-dealing enemies and her abusive husband. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Resurrection: Ertugrul","tags":"  Engin Altan D\u00fczyatan, Serdar G\u00f6khan, H\u00fclya Darcan, Kaan Ta\u015faner, Esra Bilgi\u00e7, Osman Soykut, Serdar Deniz, Cengiz Co\u015fkun, Reshad Strik, Hande Suba\u015f\u0131 When a good deed unwittingly endangers his clan, a 13th-century Turkish warrior agrees to fight a sultan's enemies in exchange for new tribal land. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Jeans","tags":" S. Shankar Prashanth, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Sri Lakshmi, Nassar When the father of the man she loves insists that his twin sons marry twin sisters, a woman creates an alter ego that might be a bit too convincing. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Love on the Spectrum","tags":"  Brooke Satchwell Finding love can be hard for anyone. For young adults on the autism spectrum, exploring the unpredictable world of dating is even more complicated. documental,foregin,showdocumental,foregin,show"},{"title":"Grown Ups","tags":" Dennis Dugan Adam Sandler, Kevin James, Chris Rock, David Spade, Rob Schneider, Salma Hayek, Maria Bello, Maya Rudolph, Colin Quinn, Tim Meadows, Joyce Van Patten Mourning the loss of their beloved junior high basketball coach, five middle-aged pals reunite at a lake house and rediscover the joys of being a kid. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Dark Skies","tags":" Scott Stewart Keri Russell, Josh Hamilton, J.K. Simmons, Dakota Goyo, Kadan Rockett, L.J. Benet, Rich Hutchman, Myndy Crist, Annie Thurman, Jake Brennan A family\u2019s idyllic suburban life shatters when an alien force invades their home, and as they struggle to convince others of the deadly threat. suspense,fantasysuspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Paranoia","tags":" Robert Luketic Liam Hemsworth, Gary Oldman, Amber Heard, Harrison Ford, Lucas Till, Embeth Davidtz, Julian McMahon, Josh Holloway, Richard Dreyfuss, Angela Sarafyan Blackmailed by his company's CEO, a low-level employee finds himself forced to spy on the boss's rival and former mentor. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Sex Education","tags":"  Asa Butterfield, Gillian Anderson, Ncuti Gatwa, Emma Mackey, Connor Swindells, Kedar Williams-Stirling, Alistair Petrie Insecure Otis has all the answers when it comes to sex advice, thanks to his therapist mom. So rebel Maeve proposes a school sex-therapy clinic. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Angry Birds","tags":"  Antti P\u00e4\u00e4kk\u00f6nen, Helj\u00e4 Heikkinen, Lynne Guaglione, Pasi Ruohonen, Rauno Ahonen Birds Red, Chuck and their feathered friends have lots of adventures while guarding eggs in their nest that pesky pigs keep trying to steal. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Birth of the Dragon","tags":" George Nolfi Billy Magnussen, Ron Yuan, Qu Jingjing, Terry Chen, Vanness Wu, Jin Xing, Philip Ng, Xia Yu, Yu Xia A young Bruce Lee angers kung fu traditionalists by teaching outsiders, leading to a showdown with a Shaolin master in this film based on real events. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Chhota Bheem","tags":"  Vatsal Dubey, Julie Tejwani, Rupa Bhimani, Jigna Bhardwaj, Rajesh Kava, Mousam, Swapnil A brave, energetic little boy with superhuman powers leads his friends on exciting adventures to guard their fellow Dholakpur villagers from evil. familyfamily"},{"title":"He-Man and the Masters of the Universe","tags":"  Yuri Lowenthal, Kimberly Brooks, Antony Del Rio, Trevor Devall, Ben Diskin, Grey Griffin, David Kaye, Tom Kenny, Judy Alice Lee, Roger Craig Smith, Fred Tatasciore Mighty teen Adam and his heroic squad of misfits discover the legendary power of Grayskull \u2014 and their destiny to defend Eternia from sinister Skeletor. family,fantasyfamily,fantasy"},{"title":"Jaws","tags":" Steven Spielberg Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Richard Dreyfuss, Lorraine Gary, Murray Hamilton, Carl Gottlieb, Jeffrey Kramer, Susan Backlinie, Jonathan Filley, Ted Grossman When an insatiable great white shark terrorizes Amity Island, a police chief, an oceanographer and a grizzled shark hunter seek to destroy the beast. action,classic,dramaaction,classic,drama"},{"title":"Jaws 2","tags":" Jeannot Szwarc Roy Scheider, Lorraine Gary, Murray Hamilton, Joseph Mascolo, Jeffrey Kramer, Collin Wilcox Paxton, Ann Dusenberry, Mark Gruner, Barry Coe, Susan French Four years after the last deadly shark attacks, police chief Martin Brody fights to protect Amity Island from another killer great white. drama,suspense,suspensedrama,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Jaws 3","tags":" Joe Alves Dennis Quaid, Bess Armstrong, Simon MacCorkindale, Louis Gossett Jr., John Putch, Lea Thompson, P.H. Moriarty, Dan Blasko, Liz Morris, Lisa Maurer After the staff of a marine theme park try to capture a young great white shark, they discover its mother has invaded the enclosure and is out for blood. action,suspense,suspenseaction,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Jaws: The Revenge","tags":" Joseph Sargent Lorraine Gary, Lance Guest, Mario Van Peebles, Karen Young, Michael Caine, Judith Barsi, Mitchell Anderson, Lynn Whitfield After another deadly shark attack, Ellen Brody has had enough of Amity Island and moves to the Caribbean \u2013 but a great white shark follows her there. action,suspense,suspenseaction,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Safe House","tags":" Daniel Espinosa Denzel Washington, Ryan Reynolds, Vera Farmiga, Brendan Gleeson, Sam Shepard, Rub\u00e9n Blades, Nora Arnezeder, Robert Patrick, Liam Cunningham, Joel Kinnaman Young CIA operative Matt Weston must get a dangerous criminal out of an agency safe house that's come under attack and get him to a securer location. actionaction"},{"title":"Training Day","tags":" Antoine Fuqua Denzel Washington, Ethan Hawke, Scott Glenn, Tom Berenger, Harris Yulin, Raymond J. Barry, Cliff Curtis, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Macy Gray, Eva Mendes A rookie cop with one day to prove himself to a veteran LAPD narcotics officer receives a crash course in his mentor's questionable brand of justice. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Castle and Castle","tags":"  Richard Mofe-Damijo, Dakore Akande, Bimbo Manuel, Blossom Chukwujekwu, Deyemi Okanlawon, Etim Effiong, Denola Grey, Duke Akintola, Eku Edewor, Ade Laoye, Anee Icha, Kevin Ushi, Jude Chukwuka, Amanda Afolabi A pair of high-powered, successful lawyers find themselves defending opposite interests of the justice system, causing a strain on their happy marriage. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Dharmakshetra","tags":"  Kashmira Irani, Chandan Anand, Dinesh Mehta, Ankit Arora, Pushkar Goggiaa, Anjali Rana, Aarya DharmChand Kumar, Amit Behl, Maleeka Ghai After the ancient Great War, the god Chitragupta oversees a trial to determine who were the battle's true heroes and villains. foregin,drama,fantasyforegin,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"InuYasha the Movie 2: The Castle Beyond the Looking Glass","tags":" Toshiya Shinohara Kappei Yamaguchi, Satsuki Yukino, Mieko Harada, Koji Tsujitani, Houko Kuwashima, Kumiko Watanabe, Noriko Hidaka, Kenichi Ogata, Toshiyuki Morikawa, Izumi Ogami With their biggest foe seemingly defeated, InuYasha and his friends return to everyday life. But the peace is soon shattered by an emerging new enemy. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"InuYasha the Movie 3: Swords of an Honorable Ruler","tags":" Toshiya Shinohara Kappei Yamaguchi, Satsuki Yukino, Koji Tsujitani, Houko Kuwashima, Kumiko Watanabe, Ken Narita, Akio Otsuka, Kikuko Inoue The Great Dog Demon beaqueathed one of the Three Swords of the Fang to each of his two sons. Now the evil power of the third sword has been awakened. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"InuYasha the Movie 4: Fire on the Mystic Island","tags":" Toshiya Shinohara Kappei Yamaguchi, Satsuki Yukino, Koji Tsujitani, Houko Kuwashima, Kumiko Watanabe, Noriko Hidaka, Ken Narita, Cho, Mamiko Noto, Nobutoshi Canna Ai, a young half-demon who has escaped from Horai Island to try to help her people, returns with potential saviors InuYasha, Sesshomaru and Kikyo. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"InuYasha the Movie: Affections Touching Across Time","tags":" Toshiya Shinohara Kappei Yamaguchi, Satsuki Yukino, Koji Tsujitani, Houko Kuwashima, Kumiko Watanabe, Kenichi Ogata, Noriko Hidaka, Hisako Kyoda, Ken Narita, Tomokazu Seki A powerful demon has been sealed away for 200 years. But when the demon's son is awakened, the fate of the world is in jeopardy. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Nailed It","tags":"  Nicole Byer, Jacques Torres Home bakers with a terrible track record take a crack at re-creating edible masterpieces for a $10,000 prize. It's part reality contest, part hot mess. showshow"},{"title":"Naruto Shippuden the Movie: Blood Prison","tags":" Masahiko Murata Junko Takeuchi, Chie Nakamura, Rikiya Koyama, Kazuhiko Inoue, Masaki Terasoma, Mie Sonozaki, Yuichi Nakamura, Kengo Kawanishi, Kosei Hirota, Masako Katsuki Mistakenly accused of an attack on the Fourth Raikage, ninja Naruto is imprisoned in the impenetrable Hozuki Castle and his powers are sealed. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Naruto Shipp\u00fbden the Movie: Bonds","tags":" Hajime Kamegaki Junko Takeuchi, Chie Nakamura, Noriaki Sugiyama, Unsho Ishizuka, Motoko Kumai, Kazuhiko Inoue, Rikiya Koyama, Showtaro Morikubo, Nana Mizuki, Satoshi Hino, Shinji Kawada When strange ninjas ambush the village of Konohagakure, it's up to adolescent ninja Naruto and his long-missing pal, Sasuke, to save the planet. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Naruto Shipp\u00fbden the Movie: The Will of Fire","tags":" Masahiko Murata Junko Takeuchi, Chie Nakamura, Kazuhiko Inoue, Satoshi Hino, Showtaro Morikubo, Kentaro Ito, Ryoka Yuzuki, Kohsuke Toriumi, Nana Mizuki, Shinji Kawada, Yoichi Masukawa, Koichi Tochika, Yukari Tamura When four out of five ninja villages are destroyed, the leader of the one spared tries to find the true culprit and protect his land. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Naruto Shippuden: The Movie","tags":" Hajime Kamegaki Junko Takeuchi, Chie Nakamura, Yoichi Masukawa, Koichi Tochika, Ayumi Fujimura, Keisuke Oda, Daisuke Kishio, Fumiko Orikasa, Hidetoshi Nakamura, Tetsuya Kakihara, Kisho Taniyama, Miyuki Sawashiro, Katsuyuki Konishi, Masako Katsuki, Keiko Nemoto, Masashi Ebara, Kazuhiko Inoue, Showtaro Morikubo, Romi Park, Daisuke Ono, Seizo Kato The adventures of adolescent ninja Naruto Uzumaki continue as he's tasked with protecting a priestess from a demon \u2013 but to do so, he must die. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Naruto Shippuden: The Movie: The Lost Tower","tags":" Masahiko Murata Junko Takeuchi, Chie Nakamura, Satoshi Hino, Rikiya Koyama, Nobuaki Fukuda, Kenji Hamada, Keiko Nemoto, Saori Hayami, Yumi Toma, Yuko Kobayashi, Fujiko Takimoto, Mutsumi Tamura, Mayuki Makiguchi, Toshiyuki Morikawa When Naruto is sent to recover a missing nin, the rogue manages to send him 20 years into the past, where he unites with his father to battle evil. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Naruto the Movie 2: Legend of the Stone of Gelel","tags":" Hirotsugu Kawasaki Junko Takeuchi, Gamon Kaai, Chie Nakamura, Showtaro Morikubo, Akira Ishida, Yasuyuki Kase, Urara Takano, Sachiko Kojima, Houko Kuwashima, Takako Honda While on a mission to return a missing pet, Naruto and two fellow ninjas are ambushed by brutal knights led by the enigmatic Temujin. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Naruto the Movie 3: Guardians of the Crescent Moon Kingdom","tags":" Toshiyuki Tsuru Junko Takeuchi, Chie Nakamura, Yoichi Masukawa, Kazuhiko Inoue, Akio Otsuka, Kyousuke Ikeda, Marika Hayashi, Umeji Sasaki, Masashi Sugawara, Hisao Egawa Exuberant ninja Naruto teams up with his pals Sakura and Kakashi to escort Prince Michiru and his son, Hikaru, to the Crescent Moon kingdom. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Naruto the Movie: Ninja Clash in the Land of Snow","tags":" Tensai Okamura Junko Takeuchi, Noriaki Sugiyama, Chie Nakamura, Kazuhiko Inoue, Yuhko Kaida, Tsutomu Isobe, Hirotaka Suzuoki, Jun Karasawa, Harii Kaneko, Ikuo Nishikawa Naruto, Sasuke and Sakura learn they'll be protecting an actress from being hurt while making her next film, but it turns out she's a princess. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Numberblocks","tags":"  Beth Chalmers, David Holt, Marcel McCalla, Teresa Gallagher In a place called Numberland, math adds up to tons of fun when a group of cheerful blocks work, play and sing together. familyfamily"},{"title":"Raja Rasoi Aur Anya Kahaniyan","tags":"   Explore the history and flavors of regional Indian cuisine, from traditional Kashmiri feasts to the vegetarian dishes of Gujarat. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Saved by the Bell","tags":"  Mark-Paul Gosselaar, Tiffani Thiessen, Mario Lopez, Lark Voorhies, Elizabeth Berkley, Dustin Diamond, Dennis Haskins From middle school to college, best friends Zack, Kelly, Slater, Jessie, Screech and Lisa take on the highs and lows of life together in this hit series. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Stories by Rabindranath Tagore","tags":"   The writings of Nobel Prize winner Rabindranath Tagore come to life in this collection of tales set in early-20th-century Bengal. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Jack Whitehall: Travels with My Father","tags":"  Jack Whitehall, Michael Whitehall Jovial comic Jack Whitehall invites his stuffy father, Michael, to travel with him through Southeast Asia in an attempt to strengthen their bond. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"King of Boys","tags":" Kemi Adetiba Sola Sobowale, Adesua Etomi, Remilekun \"Reminisce\" Safaru, Tobechukwu \"iLLbliss\" Ejiofor, Toni Tones, Paul Sambo, Jide Kosoko, Sharon Ooja When a powerful businesswoman\u2019s political ambitions are threatened by her underworld connections, the ensuing power struggle could cost her everything. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Yowamushi Pedal","tags":"  Daiki Yamashita, Kohsuke Toriumi, Jun Fukushima, Hiroki Yasumoto, Showtaro Morikubo, Kentaro Ito, Daisuke Kishio, Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Junichi Suwabe, Ayaka Suwa, Megumi Han, Tomoaki Maeno, Tsubasa Yonaga, Tetsuya Kakihara, Satoshi Hino, Hiroyuki Yoshino, Atsushi Abe, Koji Yusa, Kouki Miyata, Hiro Shimono, Wataru Hatano, Yuichi Nakamura, Kenji Nojima, Mamoru Miyano, Daisuke Ono, Yuma Uchida, Jun Fukuyama A timid, anime-loving teen gets drawn into a school cycling club, where his new friends help him face tough challenges to develop his racing talent. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Kate","tags":" Cedric Nicolas-Troyan Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Jun Kunimura, Woody Harrelson, Tadanobu Asano, Miyavi, Michiel Huisman, Miku Martineau Slipped a fatal poison on her final job, a ruthless assassin working in Tokyo has less than 24 hours to find out who ordered the hit and exact revenge. actionaction"},{"title":"Lucifer","tags":"  Tom Ellis, Lauren German, Kevin Alejandro, D.B. Woodside, Lesley-Ann Brandt, Scarlett Estevez, Rachael Harris, Aimee Garcia, Tricia Helfer, Tom Welling, Jeremiah W. Birkett, Pej Vahdat, Michael Gladis Bored with being the Lord of Hell, the devil relocates to Los Angeles, where he opens a nightclub and forms a connection with a homicide detective. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Omo Ghetto: the Saga","tags":" JJC Skillz, Funke Akindele Funke Akindele, Ayo Makun, Chioma Chukwuka Akpotha, Yemi Eberechi Alade, Blossom Chukwujekwu, Deyemi Okanlawon, Alexx Ekubo, Zubby Michael, Tina Mba, Femi Jacobs Twins are reunited as a good-hearted female gangster and her uptight rich sister take on family, crime, cops and all of the trouble that follows them. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Paradise Hills","tags":" Alice Waddington Emma Roberts, Danielle Macdonald, Awkwafina, Eiza Gonz\u00e1lez, Milla Jovovich, Jeremy Irvine, Arnaud Valois, Daniel Horvath Uma wakes up in a lush tropical facility designed to turn willful girls into perfect ladies. That\u2019s bad enough, but its real purpose is even worse. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"The Women and the Murderer","tags":" Mona Achache, Patricia Tourancheau  This documentary traces the capture of serial killer Guy Georges through the tireless work of two women: a police chief and a victim's mother. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Into the Night","tags":"  Pauline Etienne, Laurent Capelluto, Stefano Cassetti, Mehmet Kurtulu\u015f, Babetida Sadjo, Jan Bijvoet, Ksawery Szlenkier, Vincent Londez, Regina Bikkinina, Alba Ga\u00efa Kraghede Bellugi, Nabil Mallat Passengers and crew aboard a hijacked overnight flight scramble to outrace the sun as a mysterious cosmic event wreaks havoc on the world below. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Show Dogs","tags":" Raja Gosnell Will Arnett, Ludacris, Natasha Lyonne, Stanley Tucci, Jordin Sparks, Gabriel Iglesias, Shaquille O'Neal, Omar Chaparro, Alan Cumming, Andy Beckwith, Delia Sheppard, Kerry Shale A rough and tough police dog must go undercover with an FBI agent as a prim and proper pet at a dog show to save a baby panda from an illegal sale. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Circle","tags":"  Michelle Buteau Status and strategy collide in this social experiment and competition show where online players flirt, befriend and catfish their way toward $100,000. showshow"},{"title":"If I Leave Here Tomorrow: A Film About Lynyrd Skynyrd","tags":" Stephen Kijak Ronnie Van Zandt, Gary Rossington, Allen Collins, Leon Wilkeson, Bob Burns, Billy Powell, Ed King, Artimus Pyle, Steve Gaines, Johnny Van Zant Using interviews and archival footage, this documentary charts the story of the legendary Southern rockers with a focus on front man Ronnie Van Zant. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Kid Cosmic","tags":"  Jack Fisher, Tom Kenny, Amanda C. Miller, Kim Yarbrough, Keith Ferguson, Grey Griffin, Lily Rose Silver A boy's superhero dreams come true when he finds five powerful cosmic stones. But saving the day is harder than he imagined \u2014 and he can't do it alone. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Octonauts: Above & Beyond","tags":"  Antonio Aakeel, Chipo Chung, Simon Foster, Teresa Gallagher, Simon Greenall, Kate Harbour, Paul Panting, Rob Rackstraw, William Vanderpuye, Helen Walsh, Keith Wickham, Andres Williams, Jo Wyatt The Octonauts expand their exploration beyond the sea \u2014\u00a0and onto land! With new rides and new friends, they'll protect any habitats and animals at risk. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"On the Verge","tags":"  Julie Delpy, Elisabeth Shue, Sarah Jones, Alexia Landeau, Mathieu Demy, Troy Garity, Timm Sharp, Giovanni Ribisi Four women \u2014 a chef, a single mom, an heiress and a job seeker \u2014 dig into love and work, with a generous side of midlife crises, in pre-pandemic LA. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Untold: Breaking Point","tags":" Chapman Way, Maclain Way  Under pressure to continue a winning tradition in American tennis, Mardy Fish faced mental health challenges that changed his life on and off the court. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Tayo the Little Bus","tags":"  Robyn Slade, Kami Desilets As they learn their routes around the busy city, Tayo and his little bus friends discover new sights and go on exciting adventures every day. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Angamaly Diaries","tags":" Lijo Jose Pellissery Antony Varghese, Reshma Rajan, Binny Rinky Benjamin, Vineeth Vishwam, Kichu Tellus, Sreekanth Dasan, Sarath Kumar, Tito Wilson, Anandhu, Bitto Davis, Sinoj Varghese After growing up amidst the gang wars of his hometown, Vincent forms an entrepreneurial squad of his own and ends up on the wrong side of the law. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Bunk'd","tags":"  Peyton List, Karan Brar, Skai Jackson, Miranda May, Kevin G. Quinn, Nathan Arenas, Nina Lu The Ross siblings of Disney's hit series \"Jessie\" spend a summer full of fun and adventure at Maine's Camp Kikiwaka, where their parents first met. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"A Champion Heart","tags":" David de Vos Mandy Grace, David de Vos, Donna Rusch, Devan Key, Isabella Mancuso, Ariana Guido When a grieving teen must work off her debt to a ranch, she cares for a wounded horse that teaches her more about healing than she expected. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Dive Club","tags":"  Aubri Ibrag, Sana'a Shaik, Miah Madden, Mercy Cornwall, Georgia-May Davis, Ryan Harrison, Josh Heuston, Alexander Grant On the shores of Cape Mercy, a skillful group of teen divers investigate a series of secrets and signs after one of their own mysteriously goes missing. family,drama,showfamily,drama,show"},{"title":"La casa de papel","tags":"  \u00darsula Corber\u00f3, Itziar Itu\u00f1o, \u00c1lvaro Morte, Paco Tous, Enrique Arce, Pedro Alonso, Mar\u00eda Pedraza, Alba Flores, Miguel Herr\u00e1n, Jaime Lorente, Esther Acebo, Darko Peric, Kiti M\u00e1nver Eight thieves take hostages and lock themselves in the Royal Mint of Spain as a criminal mastermind manipulates the police to carry out his plan. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Sharkdog","tags":"  Liam Mitchell, Dee Bradley Baker, Grey Griffin, Josh McDermitt, Kari Wahlgren, Judy Alice Lee, Ali Mawji Half shark, half dog with a big heart and a belly full of fish sticks! Together, Sharkdog and his human pal Max can take on any silly or messy adventure. familyfamily"},{"title":"Anjaam","tags":" Rahul Rawail Madhuri Dixit, Shah Rukh Khan, Tinnu Anand, Johny Lever, Kalpana Iyer, Himani Shivpuri, Sudha Chandran, Beena, Kiran Kumar A wealthy industrialist\u2019s dangerous obsession with a flight attendant destroys her world, until she takes matters into her own hands to exact revenge. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Bright Star","tags":" Jane Campion Abbie Cornish, Ben Whishaw, Paul Schneider, Kerry Fox, Edie Martin, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Claudie Blakley, Gerard Monaco, Antonia Campbell-Hughes, Samuel Roukin This drama details the passionate three-year romance between Romantic poet John Keats \u2013 who died tragically at age 25 \u2013 and his great love and muse. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Dhanak","tags":" Nagesh Kukunoor Krrish Chhabria, Hetal Gada, Vipin Sharma, Gulfam Khan, Suresh Menon, Vijay Maurya, Rajiv Lakshman, Ninad Kamat A movie-loving 10-year-old and her blind little brother trek to meet Indian superstar Shah Rukh Khan for help in getting the boy an eye operation. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Final Account","tags":" Luke Holland  This documentary stitches together never-before-seen interviews with the last living generation of people who participated in Hitler's Third Reich. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Gurgaon","tags":" Shanker Raman Akshay Oberoi, Pankaj Tripathi, Ragini Khanna, Aamir Bashir, Shalini Vatsa, Ashish Verma When the daughter of a wealthy family returns from college, she gets a frosty welcome from her brother, who has problems \u2013 and plans \u2013 of his own. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Heroes of Goo Jit Zu","tags":"  Jon Allen, Kellen Goff, Joe Hernandez, Kaiji Tang After a meteor crash, a group of zoo animals transforms into squishy, gooey and stretchy superheroes with special powers and soon takes on evildoers. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"In the Cut","tags":" Jane Campion Meg Ryan, Mark Ruffalo, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Nick Damici, Sharrieff Pugh, Kevin Bacon, Yaani King Mondschein, Heather Litteer After embarking on an affair with the cop probing the murder of a young woman, an insular schoolteacher suspects her lover was involved in the crime. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Pororo - The Little Penguin","tags":"   On a tiny island, Pororo the penguin has fun adventures with his friends Eddy the fox, Loopy the beaver, Poby the polar bear and Crong the dinosaur. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Q-Force","tags":"  Sean Hayes, Wanda Sykes, Laurie Metcalf, David Harbour, Gary Cole, Patti Harrison, Matt Rogers A gay superspy and his scrappy LGBTQ squad fight to prove themselves to the agency that underestimated them. Today, West Hollywood\u2026 tomorrow, the world! action,action,comedyaction,action,comedy"},{"title":"Shikara","tags":" Vidhu Vinod Chopra Aadil Khan, Sadia Khateeb, Zain Khan Durrani, Priyanshu Chatterjee, Bhavna Chauhan, Ashwin Dhar, Farid Azad Khan, Saghar Sehrai A couple must strive to remain resilient after regional hostilities drive them from their beloved home into a refugee camp. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"A Cinderella Story","tags":" Mark Rosman Hilary Duff, Chad Michael Murray, Jennifer Coolidge, Dan Byrd, Regina King, Julie Gonzalo, Lin Shaye, Madeline Zima, Andrea Avery, Mary Pat Gleason, Paul Rodriguez, Whip Hubley, Kevin Kilner, Erica Hubbard, Simon Helberg Teen Sam meets the boy of her dreams at a dance before returning to toil in her stepmother's diner. Can her lost cell phone bring them together? family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"An Unfinished Life","tags":" Lasse Hallstr\u00f6m Robert Redford, Jennifer Lopez, Morgan Freeman, Josh Lucas, Damian Lewis, Camryn Manheim, Becca Gardner, Lynda Boyd, Rob Hayter, P. Lynn Johnson A grieving widow and her daughter move in with her estranged father-in-law in Wyoming, where time allows them to heal and forgive. dramadrama"},{"title":"Blade Runner: The Final Cut","tags":" Ridley Scott Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, Edward James Olmos, M. Emmet Walsh, Daryl Hannah, William Sanderson, Brion James, Joe Turkel, Joanna Cassidy, James Hong, Morgan Paull In a smog-choked dystopian Los Angeles, blade runner Rick Deckard is called out of retirement to snuff a quartet of escaped \"replicants.\" action,classic,classicaction,classic,classic"},{"title":"Chappie","tags":" Neill Blomkamp Sharlto Copley, Hugh Jackman, Sigourney Weaver, Dev Patel, Ninja, Yo-Landi Visser, Jose Pablo Cantillo, Brandon Auret, Johnny Selema, Maurice Carpede In a futuristic society where an indestructible robot police force keeps crime at bay, a lone droid evolves to the next level of artificial intelligence. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Clear and Present Danger","tags":" Phillip Noyce Harrison Ford, Willem Dafoe, Anne Archer, Joaquim de Almeida, Henry Czerny, Harris Yulin, Donald Moffat, Miguel Sandoval, Benjamin Bratt, Dean Jones, Thora Birch, James Earl Jones, Raymond Cruz When the president's friend is murdered, CIA Deputy Director Jack Ryan becomes unwittingly involved in an illegal war against a Colombian drug cartel. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Cliffhanger","tags":" Renny Harlin Sylvester Stallone, John Lithgow, Michael Rooker, Janine Turner, Rex Linn, Caroline Goodall, Leon, Craig Fairbrass, Ralph Waite, Max Perlich, Paul Winfield Ranger Gabe Walker and his partner are called to rescue a group of stranded climbers, only to learn the climbers are actually thieving hijackers. actionaction"},{"title":"Cold Mountain","tags":" Anthony Minghella Jude Law, Nicole Kidman, Ren\u00e9e Zellweger, Eileen Atkins, Brendan Gleeson, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Natalie Portman, Giovanni Ribisi, Donald Sutherland, Ray Winstone This drama follows a wounded Civil War soldier making the long journey home, while his faraway love fights for survival on her deceased father's farm. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles","tags":" Simon Wincer Paul Hogan, Linda Kozlowski, Jere Burns, Jonathan Banks, Aida Turturro, Alec Wilson, Gerry Skilton, Steve Rackman, Serge Cockburn, Paul Rodriguez, Mark Adair-Rios, Tiriel Mora, Grant Piro, Mike Tyson When Mick \"Crocodile\" Dundee and his family land in Los Angeles, they soon learn some lessons about American life in this comedy sequel. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Dear John","tags":" Lasse Hallstr\u00f6m Channing Tatum, Amanda Seyfried, Richard Jenkins, Henry Thomas, D.J. Cotrona, Cullen Moss, Gavin McCulley, Jose Lucena Jr., Keith Robinson, Scott Porter While on summer leave, a U.S. soldier falls for a college student. But when he's forced to reenlist, their handwritten letters hold the lovers together. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Do the Right Thing","tags":" Spike Lee Danny Aiello, Ossie Davis, Ruby Dee, Richard Edson, Giancarlo Esposito, Spike Lee, Bill Nunn, John Turturro, Paul Benjamin, Frankie Faison, Samuel L. Jackson, Rosie Perez, Martin Lawrence, Miguel Sandoval On a sweltering day in Brooklyn, simmering racial tensions between residents rise to the surface and ignite rage, violence and tragedy. classic,comedy,dramaclassic,comedy,drama"},{"title":"El patr\u00f3n, radiograf\u00eda de un crimen","tags":" Sebasti\u00e1n Schindel Joaqu\u00edn Furriel, Luis Ziembrowski, Guillermo Pfening, M\u00f3nica Lairana, Germ\u00e1n de Silva, Victoria Raposo, Andrea Garrote A lawyer defends an illiterate man whose exploitation by a cruel boss while working as a butcher in Buenos Aires led to tragedy. Based on a true case. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Extraction","tags":" Steven C. Miller Bruce Willis, Kellan Lutz, Gina Carano, D.B. Sweeney, Joshua Mikel, Steve Coulter, Dan Bilzerian, Heather Johansen When a retired CIA agent is kidnapped, his son, a government analyst, embarks on an unauthorized mission to find him and halt a terrorist plot. actionaction"},{"title":"Freedom Writers","tags":" Richard LaGravenese Hilary Swank, Patrick Dempsey, Scott Glenn, Imelda Staunton, April L. Hernandez, Mario, Kristin Herrera, Jaclyn Ngan, Sergio Montalvo, Jason Finn, Deance Wyatt, Vanetta Smith While her at-risk students are reading classics such as \"The Diary of Anne Frank,\" a teacher asks them to keep journals about their troubled lives. dramadrama"},{"title":"Green Lantern","tags":" Martin Campbell Ryan Reynolds, Blake Lively, Peter Sarsgaard, Mark Strong, Tim Robbins, Jay O. Sanders, Taika Waititi, Angela Bassett Test pilot Hal Jordan harnesses glowing new powers for good when he wears an otherworldly ring and helps an intergalactic force stop a powerful threat. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"House Party","tags":" Reginald Hudlin Christopher Reid, Christopher Martin, Robin Harris, Tisha Campbell, A.J. Johnson, Martin Lawrence, Paul Anthony, Bowlegged Lou, B-Fine, Edith Fields, Kelly Jo Minter, Clifton Powell, Verda Bridges Grounded by his strict father, Kid risks life and limb to go to his best friend Play's big bash but experiences one obstacle after another. comedy,classiccomedy,classic"},{"title":"House Party 2","tags":" George Jackson, Doug McHenry Christopher Reid, Christopher Martin, Martin Lawrence, Bowlegged Lou, Paul Anthony, B-Fine, Tisha Campbell, Kamron, Iman, Queen Latifah Kid goes off to college with scholarship money but when Play loses Kid's tuition funds to a shady music promoter, they devise a wild plan to raise cash. comedy,classic,musiccomedy,classic,music"},{"title":"House Party 3","tags":" Eric Meza Christopher Reid, Christopher Martin, Tisha Campbell, David Edwards, Angela Means, Ketty Lester, Bernie Mac, Michael Colyar, Chris Tucker, Khandi Alexander After Kid gets engaged, Play plans to throw the biggest bachelor party ever. But every celebration for these two always comes with complications. comedy,musiccomedy,music"},{"title":"I Got the Hook Up","tags":" Michael Martin Master P, Anthony Johnson, Gretchen Palmer, Frantz Turner, Richard Keats, Joe Estevez, William Knight, Anthony Boswell, Tommy 'Tiny' Lister, Helen Martin, John Witherspoon, Mia X After getting their hands on a misdirected shipment of cell phones, two hustlers try to cash in by hawking the merchandise from the back of their van. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"In Too Deep","tags":" Michael Rymer Omar Epps, LL Cool J, Nia Long, Stanley Tucci, Pam Grier, Hill Harper, Jake Weber, David Patrick Kelly, Veronica Webb, Ron Canada, Robert LaSardo, Gano Grills, Ivonne Coll, Don Harvey, Mya, Nasir 'Nas' Jones, Jermaine Dupri Rookie cop Jeffrey Cole poses as a drug dealer to take down a crime lord and soon gets caught up in an underworld of bribery, intimidation and murder. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Initial D","tags":" Andrew Lau Wai-keung, Alan Mak Jay Chou, Anne Suzuki, Edison Chen, Anthony Wong Chau-sang, Shawn Yue, Chapman To, Jordan Chan, Kenny Bee By day, an 18-year-old delivers tofu for his father, a retired race car driver; but by night, it's the teen's turn to take the wheel. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Janoskians: Untold and Untrue","tags":" Brett Weiner Jai Brooks, Luke Brooks, James Yammouni, Daniel Sahyounie, Beau Brooks Follow the story of three Australian brothers and their two friends who became an international sensation by posting pranks and gags on YouTube. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kid-E-Cats","tags":"  Lori Gardner, Kate Bristol, Billy Bob Thompson, Marc Thompson, Erica Schroeder Cookie, Pudding and Candy are kitten siblings whose favorite things are sweet treats and letting their curiosity lead them on adventures in learning. familyfamily"},{"title":"Kuroko's Basketball","tags":"  Kensho Ono, Yuki Ono, Chiwa Saito, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Hirofumi Nojima, Kenji Hamada, Takuya Eguchi, Soichiro Hoshi, Tatsuhisa Suzuki, Go Inoue, Daisuke Ono, Ryohei Kimura, Junichi Suwabe, Kazuya Nakai, Fumiko Orikasa, Kenichi Suzumura, Kisho Taniyama, Hiroshi Kamiya Five middle school basketball stars went to separate high schools, and now Tetsuya Kuroko and Seirin High are making their play for glory. anime,foregin,showanime,foregin,show"},{"title":"Labyrinth","tags":" Jim Henson David Bowie, Jennifer Connelly, Frank Oz, Kevin Clash, Anthony Asbury, Dave Goelz, Brian Henson, Ron Mueck, Karen Prell, Shari Weiser In Jim Henson's fantasy, teen Sarah embarks on a life-altering quest to rescue her little brother from the clutches of a treacherous goblin. action,family,classicaction,family,classic"},{"title":"Letters to Juliet","tags":" Gary Winick Amanda Seyfried, Christopher Egan, Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal, Vanessa Redgrave, Franco Nero, Luisa Ranieri, Marina Massironi, Milena Vukotic, Marcia DeBonis, Luisa De Santis, Lidia Biondi, Giordano Formenti, Chris Egan By responding to a letter addressed to Shakespeare's tragic heroine Juliet Capulet, an American woman in Verona, Italy, is led in search of romance. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Level 16","tags":" Danishka Esterhazy Katie Douglas, Celina Martin, Peter Outerbridge, Sara Canning, Alexis Whelan, Amalia Williamson, Josette Halpert, Kiana Madeira In a bleak academy that teaches girls the virtues of passivity, two students uncover the ghastly purpose behind their training and resolve to escape. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Love Don't Cost a Thing","tags":" Troy Byer Nick Cannon, Christina Milian, Kenan Thompson, Kal Penn, Steve Harvey, Al Thompson, Ashley Monique Clark, Elimu Nelson, Nichole Robinson, Melissa Schuman A nerdy teen tries to make himself cool by association when he convinces a popular cheerleader to pose as his girlfriend. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Love in a Puff","tags":" Pang Ho-cheung Miriam Chin Wah Yeung, Shawn Yue, Singh Hartihan Bitto, Isabel Chan, Cheung Tat-ming, Matt Chow, Chui Tien-you, Queenie Chu, Charmaine Fong, Vincent Kok When the Hong Kong government enacts a ban on smoking cigarettes indoors, the new law drives hard-core smokers outside, facilitating unlikely connections. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Major Dad","tags":"  Gerald McRaney, Shanna Reed, Nicole Dubuc, Chelsea Hertford, Marisa Ryan, Matt Mulhern, Beverly Archer, Jon Cypher When he marries a journalist and becomes stepdad to her daughters, a U.S. Marine finds his once-orderly life no longer entirely under his command. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mars Attacks!","tags":" Tim Burton Jack Nicholson, Glenn Close, Annette Bening, Pierce Brosnan, Danny DeVito, Martin Short, Sarah Jessica Parker, Michael J. Fox, Rod Steiger, Tom Jones, Lukas Haas, Natalie Portman As flying saucers head for Earth, the president of the United States prepares to welcome alien visitors but soon learns they're not coming in peace. comedy,classic,fantasycomedy,classic,fantasy"},{"title":"Marshall","tags":" Reginald Hudlin Chadwick Boseman, Josh Gad, Kate Hudson, Sterling K. Brown, Dan Stevens, James Cromwell, Keesha Sharp, Roger Guenveur Smith, Derrick Baskin, Barrett Doss This biopic of Thurgood Marshall, the first Black U.S. Supreme Court justice, centers on his pivotal work in a sensational case as an NAACP lawyer. dramadrama"},{"title":"My Boss's Daughter","tags":" David Zucker Ashton Kutcher, Tara Reid, Jeffrey Tambor, Andy Richter, Michael Madsen, Jon Abrahams, David Koechner, Carmen Electra, Kenan Thompson, Terence Stamp, Molly Shannon A young man house-sits for his mean boss, hoping to use it as an opportunity to win the heart of the boss's daughter, on whom he's long had a crush. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Mystery Men","tags":" Kinka Usher Ben Stiller, Hank Azaria, William H. Macy, Janeane Garofalo, Kel Mitchell, Paul Reubens, Wes Studi, Greg Kinnear, Geoffrey Rush, Lena Olin, Eddie Izzard, Artie Lange, Pras, Claire Forlani, Tom Waits A team of far-from-super heroes try to earn respect by springing into action when brave and dashing Captain Amazing disappears. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Once Upon a Time in America","tags":" Sergio Leone Robert De Niro, James Woods, Elizabeth McGovern, Treat Williams, Tuesday Weld, Burt Young, Joe Pesci, Danny Aiello, William Forsythe, James Hayden Director Sergio Leone's sprawling crime epic follows a group of Jewish mobsters who rise in the ranks of organized crime in 1920s New York City. classic,dramaclassic,drama"},{"title":"Open Season 2","tags":" Matthew O'Callaghan, Todd Wilderman Joel McHale, Mike Epps, Jane Krakowski, Billy Connolly, Crispin Glover, Steve Schirripa, Georgia Engel, Diedrich Bader, Cody Cameron, Fred Stoller, Olivia Hack Elliot the buck and his forest-dwelling cohorts must rescue their dachshund pal from some spoiled pets bent on returning him to domesticity. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Osmosis Jones","tags":" Bobby Farrelly, Peter Farrelly Chris Rock, Laurence Fishburne, David Hyde Pierce, Brandy Norwood, William Shatner, Ron Howard, Kid Rock, Ben Stein Peter and Bobby Farrelly outdo themselves with this partially animated tale about an out-of-shape 40-year-old man who's the host to various organisms. action,family,comedyaction,family,comedy"},{"title":"Poseidon","tags":" Wolfgang Petersen Josh Lucas, Kurt Russell, Jacinda Barrett, Richard Dreyfuss, Emmy Rossum, M\u00eda Maestro, Mike Vogel, Kevin Dillon, Freddy Rodr\u00edguez A tidal wave spells disaster for a ship of New Year's Eve revelers when it capsizes the mammoth vessel, sending passengers into a battle for survival. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Rhyme & Reason","tags":" Peter Spirer Too $hort, B-Real, Kurtis Blow, Da Brat, Grandmaster Caz, Sean \"P. Diddy\" Combs, Chuck D., Desiree Densiti, Dr. Dre, E-40, MC Eiht, Heavy D, Lauryn Hill, Ice-T, Wyclef Jean, Ras Kass, KRS-One, L.V., Mack 10, Craig Mack, Method Man, Keith Murray, Nasir 'Nas' Jones, The Notorious B.I.G., Master P, Q-Tip, Raekwon, Redman, Senen Reyes, Busta Rhymes, RZA, DJ Scratch, Erick Sermon, Tupac Shakur, Adario Strange, Suave The world and culture of rap song topics such as race, violence, police, family and sex are examined by hip-hop performers from both coasts. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Same Kind of Different as Me","tags":" Michael Carney Greg Kinnear, Ren\u00e9e Zellweger, Djimon Hounsou, Jon Voight, Olivia Holt A wealthy couple whose marriage is on the rocks befriends a local homeless man who changes their perspectives in this inspiring true story. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"School of Rock","tags":" Richard Linklater Jack Black, Joan Cusack, Mike White, Sarah Silverman, Lee Wilkof, Kate McGregor-Stewart, Adam Pascal, Suzzanne Douglas, Miranda Cosgrove, Kevin Alexander Clark, Joey Gaydos Jr., Robert Tsai, Veronica Afflerbach, Jordan-Claire Green Musician Dewey Finn gets a job as a fourth-grade substitute teacher, where he secretly begins teaching his students the finer points of rock 'n' roll. comedy,musiccomedy,music"},{"title":"Snervous Tyler Oakley","tags":" Amy Rice Tyler Oakley The inspiring Internet star and LGBT advocate shares an intimate view of his life and relationships during his international \"Slumber Party\" tour. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Tears of the Sun","tags":" Antoine Fuqua Bruce Willis, Monica Bellucci, Cole Hauser, Eamonn Walker, Johnny Messner, Nick Chinlund, Charles Ingram, Paul Francis, Chad Smith, Tom Skerritt, Malick Bowens, Awaovieyi Agie A Navy SEAL is sent to a war-torn African jungle to rescue a doctor, only to realize he must also save the refugees in the physician's care. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"The Blue Lagoon","tags":" Randal Kleiser Brooke Shields, Christopher Atkins, Leo McKern, William Daniels, Elva Josephson, Glenn Kohan, Alan Hopgood, Gus Mercurio Two shipwrecked children, stranded for years on a deserted island, fall in love as teenagers and attempt to forge a life in the isolated paradise. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"The Golden Child","tags":" Michael Ritchie Eddie Murphy, J.L. Reate, Charles Dance, Charlotte Lewis, Victor Wong, Randall Tex Cobb, James Hong, Shakti Chen, Tau Logo, Tiger Chung Lee A fast-talking L.A. social worker goes through a series of traps and terrors to find a kidnapped Tibetan child with mystical powers. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"The Guns of Navarone","tags":" J. Lee Thompson Gregory Peck, David Niven, Anthony Quinn, Stanley Baker, Anthony Quayle, James Darren, Irene Papas, Gia Scala, James Robertson Justice, Richard Harris During World War II, British forces launch an attack designed to take out the massive Nazi cannons that guard a critical sea channel. action,classicaction,classic"},{"title":"The Interview","tags":" Evan Goldberg, Seth Rogen James Franco, Seth Rogen, Lizzy Caplan, Randall Park, Diana Bang, Timothy Simons, Reese Alexander, James Yi Seth Rogen and James Franco star in this provocative comedy about two journalists recruited by the CIA after they arrange an interview with Kim Jong-un. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"The Nutty Professor","tags":" Tom Shadyac Eddie Murphy, Jada Pinkett Smith, James Coburn, Larry Miller, Dave Chappelle, John Ales, Patricia Wilson, Jamal Mixon After being made fun of for his weight, a kind and brainy professor takes a dose of a revolutionary formula that changes more than just his appearance. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins","tags":" Malcolm D. Lee Martin Lawrence, James Earl Jones, Joy Bryant, Margaret Avery, Mike Epps, Mo'Nique, Cedric the Entertainer, Nicole Ari Parker, Michael Clarke Duncan, Louis C.K. R.J. travels to Georgia for his parents' 50th anniversary. But after pompously flaunting his Hollywood lifestyle, he must examine what he's become. comedycomedy"},{"title":"In the Line of Fire","tags":" Wolfgang Petersen Clint Eastwood, John Malkovich, Rene Russo, Dylan McDermott, Gary Cole, Fred Thompson, John Mahoney, Gregory Alan Williams, Jim Curley, Sally Hughes A twisted yet ingenious killer torments a veteran Secret Service agent who's haunted by his failure years ago to save President John F. Kennedy. action,classicaction,classic"},{"title":"Sparking Joy","tags":"  Marie Kondo In this reality series, Marie Kondo brings her joyful tidying tactics to people struggling to balance work and home life \u2014 and shares her own world. showshow"},{"title":"2 Alone in Paris","tags":" Ramzy Bedia, \u00c9ric Judor Ramzy Bedia, \u00c9ric Judor, Beno\u00eet Magimel, Kristin Scott Thomas, \u00c9lodie Bouchez, \u00c9douard Baer, Fred Testot, Omar Sy A bumbling Paris policeman is doggedly determined to capture the master thief that repeatedly eludes him, even when they're the last two men on Earth. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Thimmarusu","tags":" Sharan Koppisetty Satya Dev, Priyanka Jawalkar, Brahmaji Eight years after a young man is framed for murder, an up-and-coming lawyer re-opens the case, beginning a tricky mission to find the real culprit. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Wind River","tags":" Taylor Sheridan Jeremy Renner, Elizabeth Olsen, Jon Bernthal, Gil Birmingham, Kelsey Asbille, Tantoo Cardinal, Teo Briones, Matthew Del Negro, Hugh Dillon, Julia Jones, James Jordan, Eric Lange, Martin Sensmeier, Mason Davis, Graham Greene A tracker with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service assists a rookie FBI agent who's investigating a teen girl's murder on a remote Wyoming reservation. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"C Kkompany","tags":" Sachin Yardi Mithun Chakraborty, Tusshar Kapoor, Anupam Kher, Rajpal Yadav, Raima Sen, Dilip Prabhavalkar, Sanjay Mishra Three broke friends pose as an underworld gang for extortion, but their plan takes on a life of its own when their phony company becomes famous. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"D.P.","tags":"  Jung Hae-in, Koo Kyo-hwan, Kim Sung-kyun, Son Suk-ku A young private\u2019s assignment to capture army deserters reveals the painful reality endured by each enlistee during his compulsory call of duty. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"EMI: Liya Hai To Chukana Padega","tags":" Saurabh Kabra Sanjay Dutt, Arjun Rampal, Malaika Arora, Aashish Chaudhary, Neha Uberoi, Urmila Matondkar, Manoj Joshi, Daya Shankar Pandey, Pushkar Jog, Kulbhushan Kharbanda A bank hires an enigmatic and unorthodox debt collector to recover money from four borrowers who are unable to pay their loans. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"King of Boys: The Return of the King","tags":" Kemi Adetiba Sola Sobowale, Toni Tones, Richard Mofe-Damijo, Efa Iwara, Titi Kuti, Tobechukwu \"iLLbliss\" Ejiofor, Remilekun \"Reminisce\" Safaru, Charles  \"Charly Boy\" Oputa, Nse Ikpe-Etim, Keppy Ekpenyong Bassey, Bimbo Manuel, Akin Lewis, Lord Frank, Osas Ighodaro, Taiwo Ajai-Lycett, Paul Sambo Alhaja Eniola Salami starts anew and sets her sights on a different position of power, fueled by revenge, regret and ruthlessness. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Koi Aap Sa","tags":" Partho Mitra Aftab Shivdasani, Natassha, Dipannita Sharma, Himanshu Mallik, Vaidya Advai, Pushy Anand, Shama Deshpande, Rajendra Gupta Star athlete Rohan has his eye on a beautiful art student. But when his best friend Simran experiences a crisis, he drops everything to help her. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Krishna Cottage","tags":" Santram Varma Sohail Khan, Isha Koppikar, Natassha, Rati Agnihotri, Vrajesh Hirjee, Divya Palat, Hiten Tejwani, Rajendranath Zutshi True love is put to the test when another woman comes between a pair of star-crossed young lovers in this thriller. action,suspense,foreginaction,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Kucch To Hai","tags":" Anil V. Kumar, Anurag Basu Tusshar Kapoor, Esha Deol, Natassha, Vrajesh Hirjee, Kusumit Sana, Rishi Kapoor, Moon Moon Sen, Johny Lever, Ashay Chitre, Jeetendra A student tries to steal a test from a teacher's home, leaving him for dead after an accident. A string of murders may be the professor's revenge. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Kyaa Kool Hai Hum","tags":" Sangeeth Sivan Tusshar Kapoor, Riteish Deshmukh, Isha Koppikar, Neha Dhupia, Anupam Kher, Jay Sean Longtime friends Rahul and Karan head to Mumbai intent on making their dreams come true, but both men are suddenly saddled with bad luck. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Kyaa Kool Hain Hum 3","tags":" Umesh Ghadge Tusshar Kapoor, Aftab Shivdasani, Krishna Abhishek, Mandana Karimi, Shakti Kapoor, Darshan Jariwala, Sushmita Mukherjee, Meghna Naidu, Anand Kumar, Claudia Ciesla When an unlikely porn actor falls for a woman outside the industry, he employs his co-stars as a stand-in traditional family to impress her father. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum","tags":" Sachin Yardi Tusshar Kapoor, Riteish Deshmukh, Anupam Kher, Rohit Shetty, Neha Sharma, Chunky Pandey, Sarah-Jane Dias, Razak Khan, Kavin Dave An aspiring actor and a struggling DJ team up to pursue the ladies they love and a diamond that rightfully belongs to their oversexed dog. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Kyo Kii... Main Jhuth Nahin Bolta","tags":" David Dhawan Govinda, Sushmita Sen, Rambha, Anupam Kher, Satish Kaushik, Sharad Kapoor, Kiran Kumar, Mohnish Bahl The life and career of a lawyer are thrown into chaos when his son's wish magically renders him incapable of telling a lie. comedy,foregin,fantasycomedy,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"LSD: Love, Sex Aur Dhokha","tags":" Dibakar Banerjee Nushrat Bharucha, Anshuman Jha, Neha Chauhan, Rajkummar Rao, Arya Banerjee, Amit Sial, Herry Tangri This provocative drama examines how the voyeuristic nature of modern society affects three unusual couples in Northern India. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Mission Istaanbul: Darr Ke Aagey Jeet Hai","tags":" Apoorva Lakhia Vivek Oberoi, Zayed Khan, Shriya Saran, Nikitin Dheer, Shabbir Ahluwalia, Sunil Shetty, Shweta Bhardwaj A television journalist makes a risky career move by accepting a job offer from a controversial Istanbul television station. action,foregin,musicaction,foregin,music"},{"title":"Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai","tags":" Milan Luthria Ajay Devgn, Emraan Hashmi, Kangana Ranaut, Prachi Desai, Randeep Hooda, Naved Aslam, Asif Basra, Avtar Gill Mumbai's top mob boss rules the underworld with honor and compassion, but his power-hungry prot\u00e9g\u00e9 will shake up the world of organized crime. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Once Upon a Time in Mumbai Dobaara!","tags":" Milan Luthria Akshay Kumar, Imran Khan, Sonakshi Sinha, Sonali Bendre, Sarfaraz Khan, Mahesh Manjrekar, Abhimanyu Singh, Kurush Deboo, Pitobash, Chetan Hansraj This turbulent sequel to Once Upon a Time in Mumbai carries on the saga of the gangland don Shoaib Khan, who continues pressing for more control. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Ragini MMS","tags":" Pawan Kripalani Kainaz Motivala, Rajkummar Rao, Rajat Kaul, Janice, Shernaza, Mangala Ahire, Vinod Rawat A couple out to have a sensuous weekend at a house outside of Mumbai finds it rigged with surveillance cameras and occupied by an evil entity. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Ragini MMS 2","tags":" Bhushan Patel Sunny Leone, Saahil Prem, Parvin Dabas, Sandhya Mridul, Divya Dutta, Soniya Mehra, Kainaz Motivala, Karan Mehra The horror continues when Ragini's video goes viral and a sleazy director decides to make a movie about the incident in the original house. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Rebellion","tags":"  Charlie Murphy, Ruth Bradley, Sarah Greene, Brian Gleeson, Michelle Fairley, Ian McElhinney, Michael Ford-FitzGerald, Paul Reid, Barry Ward, Tom Turner, Perdita Weeks, Andrew Simpson, Sophie Robinson As World War I rages, three women and their families in Dublin choose sides in the violent Easter Rising revolt against British rule. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Shootout at Lokhandwala","tags":" Apoorva Lakhia Amitabh Bachchan, Sanjay Dutt, Sunil Shetty, Arbaaz Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Vivek Oberoi, Tusshar Kapoor, Rohit Roy, Shabbir Ahluwalia, Dia Mirza, Amrita Singh, Neha Dhupia Based on a true story, this action film follows an incident that stunned a nation in the early 1990s. In Mumbai, India, the notorious gangster Maya holds off veteran cop Khan and a force of more than 200 policemen in a six-hour bloody gunfight. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Shor In the City","tags":" Raj Nidimoru, Krishna D.K. Sendhil Ramamurthy, Tusshar Kapoor, Nikhil Dwivedi, Preeti Desai, Sundeep Kishan, Radhika Apte, Pitobash, Girija Oak, Alok Chaturvedi, Sudhir Chowdhary When three small-time Mumbai crooks steal a bag on a train, they find that it's filled with weapons and realize that their lives may be in danger. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Dirty Picture","tags":" Milan Luthria Vidya Balan, Emraan Hashmi, Tusshar Kapoor, Naseeruddin Shah, Rajesh Sharma, Imran Hasnee, Anju Mahendru After running away from home in search of movie stardom, a village girl rises to become a prominent sex symbol. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"EDENS ZERO","tags":"  Takuma Terashima, Mikako Komatsu, Rie Kugimiya, Hiromichi Tezuka, Shiori Izawa, Shiki Aoki, Sayaka Ohara, Hochu Otsuka, Kikuko Inoue Aboard the Edens Zero, a lonely boy with the ability to control gravity embarks on an adventure to meet the fabled space goddess known as Mother. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Family Reunion","tags":"  Loretta Devine, Tia Mowry-Hardrict, Anthony Alabi, Talia Jackson, Isaiah Russell-Bailey, Cameron J. Wright, Jordyn Raya James, Richard Roundtree When the McKellan family moves from Seattle to small-town Georgia, life down South \u2013 and traditional grandparents \u2013 challenge their big-city ways. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Really Love","tags":" Angel Kristi Williams Kofi Siriboe, Yootha Wong-Loi-Sing, Michael Ealy, Uzo Aduba A rising Black painter tries to break into a competitive art world while balancing an unexpected romance with an ambitious law student. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The November Man","tags":" Roger Donaldson Pierce Brosnan, Luke Bracey, Olga Kurylenko, Eliza Taylor, Caterina Scorsone, Bill Smitrovich, Will Patton, Amila Terzimehic, Lazar Ristovski, Mediha Musliovic An ex-CIA agent emerges from retirement to protect an important witness, but he soon discovers that old friends can make the most dangerous enemies. actionaction"},{"title":"The Old Ways","tags":" Christopher Alender Brigitte Kali Canales, Andrea Cortes, Julia Vera, Sal Lopez A reporter visits her birthplace in Veracruz for a story about tribal culture, only to be kidnapped by locals who believe she's demonically possessed. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Water Man","tags":" David Oyelowo David Oyelowo, Rosario Dawson, Lonnie Chavis, Amiah Miller, Alfred Molina, Maria Bello Desperate to save his ailing mother, 11-year-old Gunner runs away from home on a quest to find a mythic figure rumored to have the power to cheat death. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Wheel of Fortune","tags":"  Pat Sajak, Vanna White Pat Sajak and Vanna White host one of TV's most popular, long-running game shows, where players spin a wheel for prizes and solve mystery phrases. showshow"},{"title":"Count Me In","tags":" Mark Lo  This documentary features some of rock's greatest drummers as they come together in an inspiring rhythmic journey about the power of human connection. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Manifest","tags":"  Melissa Roxburgh, Josh Dallas, Athena Karkanis, J.R. Ramirez, Luna Blaise, Jack Messina, Parveen Kaur When a plane mysteriously lands years after takeoff, the people onboard return to a world that has moved on without them and face strange, new realities. drama,suspense,fantasydrama,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Sweet Girl","tags":" Brian Andrew Mendoza Jason Momoa, Isabela Merced, Manuel Garcia-Rulfo, Amy Brenneman, Adria Arjona, Raza Jaffrey, Justin Bartha, Lex Scott Davis, Michael Raymond-James He lost the love of his life to a pharmaceutical company's greed. Now his daughter is without a mother, and he's without justice. For now. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Like Crazy","tags":" Drake Doremus Anton Yelchin, Felicity Jones, Jennifer Lawrence, Charlie Bewley, Alex Kingston, Oliver Muirhead, Finola Hughes, Chris Messina, Ben York Jones, Jamie Thomas King A spirited exchange student and an American man fall in love in LA. But their romance faces an uphill battle when she is forced to return to England. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Bombay","tags":" Mani Ratnam Arvind Swamy, Manisha Koirala, Nasser, Raja Krishnamoorthy Years after they elope against their family\u2019s wishes, a couple and their sons become caught in the throes of conflict in their city. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Go! Go! Cory Carson","tags":"  Alan C. Lim, Paul Killam, Maisie Benson, Kerry Gudjohnsen, Smith Foreman, Neena-Sinaii Simpo, Eli Morse, Adelaide Hirasaki, Jim Capobianco, Anna Chambers, Pfifer Chastain Beep, beep \u2013 go, go! Buckle up for fun and adventure with adorable kid car Cory Carson as he explores the winding roads of Bumperton Hills. familyfamily"},{"title":"Pahuna","tags":" Paakhi Tyrewala Anmol Limbu, Ishika Gurung, Manju Chettri, Banita Lagun, Binod Pradhan, Mahindra Bajgai, Rupa Tamang, Saran Rai Fleeing unrest in their native Nepal, three young siblings separated from their parents must beat the odds to survive on their own in India. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Mother Goose Club","tags":"   Classic nursery rhymes and children's songs get a fresh twist in this high-energy program that helps kids learn as they dance and sing along. familyfamily"},{"title":"Walk of Shame","tags":" Steve Brill Elizabeth Banks, James Marsden, Gillian Jacobs, Sarah Wright, Ethan Suplee, Bill Burr, Ken Davitian, Lawrence Gilliard Jr., Alphonso Mcauley, Da'Vone McDonald, John Marsden, Willie Garson, Oliver Hudson, P.J. Byrne After a night of boozy carousing, a local newscaster finds herself stranded on the streets of LA just hours before the job interview of a lifetime. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Rascal Does Not Dream of Bunny Girl Senpai","tags":"  Kaito Ishikawa, Asami Seto, Nao Toyama, Atsumi Tanezaki, Maaya Uchida, Yurika Kubo, Inori Minase After experiencing \"puberty syndrome\" himself, high school pariah Sakuta keeps meeting girls suffering from it, including his sister and actor Mai. anime,foregin,romanceanime,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Creative Indians","tags":"   From chefs and comedians to filmmakers and fashion designers, India\u2019s most notable imaginative minds share their artistic journeys. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Piano","tags":" Jane Campion Holly Hunter, Harvey Keitel, Sam Neill, Anna Paquin, Kerry Walker, Genevieve Lemon, Tungia Baker, Ian Mune With her daughter and her beloved piano in tow, a mute Scottish woman arrives in New Zealand, where a gruff loner sets out to seduce her. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Winx Club","tags":"  Liza Jacqueline, Helena Evangeliou, Lisa Ortiz, Kerry Williams, Gregory Abbey, Dan Green, Michael Sinterniklaas, Suzy Myers, Christina Rodriguez, Dani Schaffel, Sebastian Arcelus, Rachael Lillis In this animated fantasy, a girl named Bloom befriends a band of fairies, then follows them into the secretive and dangerous \"Magical Dimension.\" familyfamily"},{"title":"Beckett","tags":" Ferdinando Cito Filomarino John David Washington, Boyd Holbrook, Alicia Vikander, Vicky Krieps, Lena Kitsopoulou, Panos Koronis, Maria Votti An American tourist goes on the run in Greece after a tragic accident plunges him into a political conspiracy that makes him a target for assassination. actionaction"},{"title":"Brand New Cherry Flavor","tags":"  Rosa Salazar, Eric Lange, Catherine Keener, Jeff Ward, Manny Jacinto, Hannah Levien, Patrick Fischler A filmmaker heads to Hollywood in the early '90s to make her movie but tumbles down a hallucinatory rabbit hole of sex, magic, revenge \u2014 and kittens. drama,suspense,suspensedrama,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Fast & Furious Spy Racers","tags":"  Tyler Posey, Charlet Chung, Jorge Diaz, Camille Ramsey, Luke Youngblood, Ren\u00e9e Elise Goldsberry A government agency recruits teen driver Tony Toretto and his thrill-seeking friends to infiltrate a criminal street racing circuit as undercover spies. familyfamily"},{"title":"Gone for Good","tags":" Juan Carlos Medina Finnegan Oldfield, Nicolas Duvauchelle, Guillaume Gouix, Garance Marillier, Nailia Harzoune Ten years after losing two loved ones, a man is plunged into another dizzying mystery when his girlfriend vanishes. Based on a Harlan Coben novel. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Grace and Frankie","tags":"  Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin, Martin Sheen, Sam Waterston, June Diane Raphael, Brooklyn Decker, Ethan Embry, Baron Vaughn They\u2019re not friends, but when their husbands leave them for each other, proper Grace and eccentric Frankie begin to bond in this Emmy-nominated series. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"The Kingdom","tags":"  Chino Dar\u00edn, Nancy Dupl\u00e1a, Joaqu\u00edn Furriel, Peter Lanzani, Mercedes Mor\u00e1n, Diego Peretti, Vera Spinetta, Nico Garc\u00eda Hume, Victoria Almeida, Santiago Korovsky, Patricio Aramburu, Alfonso Tort, Diego Gentile, N\u00e9stor Guzzini, Daniel Kuzniecka After his running mate's murder, a controversial televangelist becomes Argentina's presidential candidate. But nothing about him is as holy as he seems. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Valeria","tags":" Inma Torrente Diana G\u00f3mez, Silma L\u00f3pez, Paula Malia, Teresa Riott, Maxi Iglesias, Ibrahim Al Shami A writer in creative and marital crises finds support from three friends, who are also discovering themselves. Based on the novels by El\u00edsabet Benavent. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"AlRawabi School for Girls","tags":"  Andria Tayeh, Rakeen Sa'ad, Noor Taher, Yara Mustafa, Joanna Arida, Salsabiela, Nadera Emran, Reem Saadeh The bullied outcasts at prestigious Al Rawabi School for Girls plot a series of risky takedowns to get back at their tormentors. foregin,drama,showforegin,drama,show"},{"title":"Lokillo: Nothing's the Same","tags":" Juli\u00e1n Gaviria Lokillo Florez Through songs and puns, comedian Lokillo Florez hilariously reviews how Latin Americans have adjusted to a new world where no-hugging policies prevail. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Monster Hunter: Legends of the Guild","tags":" Steven Yamamoto Ben Rausch, Erica Lindbeck, Dante Basco, Brando Eaton, Stephen Kramer Glickman, Caroline Caliston, G.K. Bowes, Dan McCoy In a world where humans and fearsome monsters live in an uneasy balance, young hunter Aiden fights to save his village from destruction by a dragon. action,anime,familyaction,anime,family"},{"title":"Bake Squad","tags":"   Expert bakers elevate desserts with next-level ideas and epic execution. Now the battle is on to win over clients in need of very special sweets. showshow"},{"title":"Brother Jekwu","tags":" Charles Uwagbai Mike Ezuruonye, Juliet Ochienge, Angela Okorie, Huddah Monroe, Catherine Kamau, Naomi Mburu, Derrick Aduwo, Chris Kamau, Abubakar Salum, Celebrity Landlord Chasing wild success, a village hustler follows his cousin from Nigeria to Kenya and stumbles into the shady business affairs of a notorious overlord. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"La diosa del asfalto","tags":" Juli\u00e1n Hern\u00e1ndez Ximena Romo, Mabel Cadena, Alejandra Herrera, Nelly Gonz\u00e1lez, Samantha Orozco, Axel Arenas, Esteban Caicedo, Paulina Goto, Raquel Robles, Baby B\u00e1tiz, Pascacio L\u00f3pez, Ju\u00e1n Carlos Torres, Javier Oliv\u00e1n, Claudia Lobo, Giovanna Zacar\u00edas A woman from a tough neighborhood outside Mexico City comes home a rock star, inadvertently provoking a confrontation with the ghosts of her past. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Misha and the Wolves","tags":" Sam Hobkinson  As a little girl, she escaped the Holocaust and lived among wolves. Or did she? An extraordinary story elicits sympathy \u2014 then draws scrutiny. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Kissing Booth 3","tags":" Vince Marcello Joey King, Joel Courtney, Jacob Elordi, Molly Ringwald, Taylor Zakhar Perez, Maisie Richardson-Sellers, Meganne Young, Stephen Jennings Determined to make the most of her final summer before college, Elle plans the ultimate bucket list as she navigates what comes next with Noah and Lee. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"The Railway Man","tags":" Jonathan Teplitzky Colin Firth, Nicole Kidman, Jeremy Irvine, Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd, Sam Reid, Hiroyuki Sanada, Michael MacKenzie, Tom Stokes Decades after World War II, a still-shattered soldier unexpectedly falls in love and sees a bizarre coincidence bring his past back into focus. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Gabby's Dollhouse","tags":"  Laila Lockhart Kraner, Tucker Chandler, Juliet Donenfeld, Maggi Lowe, Donovan Patton, Eduardo Franco, Tara Strong, Secunda Wood, Carla Tassara, Sainty Nelsen Cute cats, quirky crafts and colorful magic! Join kitty enthusiast Gabby and her sidekick Pandy Paws as they team up for a series of animated adventures. familyfamily"},{"title":"Las mu\u00f1ecas de la mafia","tags":"  Amparo Grisales, Fernando Sol\u00f3rzano, Angelica Blandon, Katherine Escobar, Yuly Ferreira, Alejandra Sandoval, Andrea G\u00f3mez, Andrea Guzm\u00e1n, Diego V\u00e1squez, Juli\u00e1n Rom\u00e1n, Juan Pablo Franco Based on the book \"Las Fant\u00e1sticas,\" this exciting telenovela follows the tumultuous lives of five women who get mixed up with the Mafia. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Crowned Clown","tags":"  Yeo Jin-goo, Lee Se-young, Kim Sang-kyung, Jung Hye-young, Jang Kwang, Kwon Hae-hyo, Jang Yeong-nam, Lee Kyu-han Standing in for an unhinged Joseon king, a look-alike clown plays the part but increasingly becomes devoted to protecting the throne and the people. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Untold: Malice at the Palace","tags":" Floyd Russ  Key figures from an infamous 2004 incident between players and fans at an NBA game in Michigan discuss the fight, its fallout and its lasting legacy. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"SHAMAN KING","tags":"  Yoko Hikasa, Katsuyuki Konishi, Megumi Hayashibara, Inuko Inuyama, Romi Park, Kosuke Takaguchi, Masahiko Tanaka, Wataru Takagi, Yuji Ueda, Megumi Nakajima, Takehito Koyasu, Yoko Soumi, Motoko Kumai, Yui Horie, Yuichi Nakamura, Nana Mizuki, Takumu Miyazono, Noriaki Kanze, Michiko Neya, Toru Sakurai, Rina Hidaka, Masakazu Morita, Minami Takayama Medium Yoh Asakura enters a battle tournament held every 500 years, competing with other shamans in a bid to become the all-powerful Shaman King. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Quartet","tags":" Dustin Hoffman Maggie Smith, Tom Courtenay, Billy Connolly, Pauline Collins, Michael Gambon, Andrew Sachs, Sheridan Smith, David Ryall, Trevor Peacock, Gwyneth Jones To save their posh retirement home, former opera stars plan a gala recital \u2014 until the biggest diva among them refuses to sing. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Slay","tags":" Adze Ugah Enhle Mbali, Ramsey Nouah, Dawn Thandeka Kang, Idris Sultan, Tumi Morake, Trevor Gumbi, Lillian Dube, Kaly Bossy Asante, Shaleen Surtie, Fabian Lojege In pursuit of both success and validation, a group of tech-savvy individuals juggle intimate encounters, first impressions and romantic opportunities. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Paper Tigers","tags":" Quoc Bao Tran Alain Uy, Ron Yuan, Mykel Shannon Jenkins, Jae Suh Park, Matthew Page, Joziah Lagonoy, Raymond Ma After reuniting as middle-aged men, three kung-fu prodigies must set their differences aside and dust off their skills to avenge their beloved mentor. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Hit & Run","tags":"  Lior Raz, Kaelen Ohm, Sanaa Lathan, Moran Rosenblatt, Lior Ashkenazi, Gregg Henry, Gal Toren A man searching for the truth behind his wife's death becomes caught up in a dangerous web of secrets and intrigue stretching from New York to Tel Aviv. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Navarasa","tags":" Bejoy Nambiar, Priyadarshan, Karthik Narain, Vasanth Sai, Karthik Subbaraj, Arvind Swamy, Rathindran R Prasad, Sarjun, Gautham Vasudev Menon Suriya, Vijay Sethupathi, Revathy, Prakash Raj, Siddarth, Parvathy, Delhi Ganesh, Gautham Vasudev Menon, Anjali, Yogi Babu, Aditi Balan, Remya Nambeesan, Poorna, Prayaga Martin, Rythvika Suriya, Arvind Swamy, Prasanna, Atharva, Bobby Simha, Ashok Selvan, Nedumudi Venu, Kishore From amusement to awe, the nine human emotions of Indian aesthetic theory are explored in this anthology series. showshow"},{"title":"Quam's Money","tags":" Kayode Kasum Falz, Nse Ikpe-Etim, Williams Uchemba, Toni Tones, Michelle Dede, Karibi Fubara, Buchi Ojei, Jemima Osunde, Blossom Chukwujekwu, Gbubemi Ejeye, Badmus Olakunle In this sequel to \"New Money,\" Quam, a security guard turned multimillionaire, lives the good life with his fortune until he falls victim to fraud. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Swarm","tags":" Just Philippot Suliane Brahim, Sofian Khammes, Marie Narbonne, Rapha\u00ebl Romand, St\u00e9phan Castang, Victor Bonnel, Christian Bouillette, Renan Pr\u00e9vot, Vincent Deniard A single mother breeds locusts as high-protein food, but has trouble getting them to reproduce \u2014 until she finds they have a taste for blood. suspense,foregin,foreginsuspense,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Vivo","tags":" Kirk DeMicco, Brandon Jeffords Lin-Manuel Miranda, Ynairaly Simo, Zoe Saldana, Juan de Marcos, Brian Tyree Henry, Gloria Estefan, Michael Rooker, Nicole Byer A music-loving kinkajou embarks on the journey of a lifetime to fulfill his destiny and deliver a love song for an old friend. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Chennai Express","tags":" Rohit Shetty Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Nikitin Dheer, Satyaraj, Kamini Kaushal, Lekh Tandon, Mukesh Tiwari What could have been a sad journey turns joyful for Rahul when he falls in love with a woman en route to submerging his grandfather's ashes. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"City of God: 10 Years Later","tags":" Cavi Borges, Luciano Vidigal  A decade after the seminal Brazilian film \"City of God,\" this documentary reunites some of the cast and crew to find out what paths their lives took. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Esperando la carroza","tags":" Alejandro Doria Luis Brandoni, China Zorrilla, Antonio Gasalla, Julio De Grazia, Betiana Blum, Monica Villa, Juan Manuel Tenuta, Andrea Tenuta, Cecilia Rossetto, Enrique Pinti Cora has three sons and a daughter and she\u00b4s almost 80. One day during a family reunion the big question comes up: who will be her heir? comedy,classic,foregincomedy,classic,foregin"},{"title":"Lady Boss: The Jackie Collins Story","tags":" Laura Fairrie Jackie Collins \"Queen of Sleaze\" or feminist pioneer? Powerhouse novelist Jackie Collins created a brash sex-positive persona while hiding her private struggles. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Tango Feroz","tags":" Marcelo Pi\u00f1eyro Fern\u00e1n Mir\u00e1s, Cecilia Dopazo, Imanol Arias, H\u00e9ctor Alterio, Leonardo Sbaraglia, Federico D'El\u00eda, David Masajnik, Cristina Banegas, Ernesto Alterio, Antonio Birabent One of the first rock stars in Argentina, Tango leads a full life during an era of social unrest \u2013 one of both glory and despair. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"'76","tags":" Izu Ojukwu Ramsey Nouah, Rita Dominic, Chidi Mokeme, Ibinabo Fiberesima, Daniel K. Daniel, Memry Savanhu, Adonijah Owiriwa, Pat Nebo, Nelly Ekwereogu, Shuaibu Ebenesi Adams, Debo Oguns, Ben Nwosu, Ada Ofoegbu When her husband is accused of taking part in an attempted military coup, a pregnant woman's life takes an emotional turn. Inspired by true events. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Aftermath","tags":" Peter Winther Ashley Greene, Shawn Ashmore, Sharif Atkins, Britt Baron, Diana Hopper, Ross McCall, Jamie Kaler, Travis Coles, Susan Walters, Jason Liles Desperate to save their marriage, a young couple takes a deal and moves into their dream home, but disturbing events reveal the house's troubled history. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Cocaine Cowboys: The Kings of Miami","tags":" Billy Corben  Two childhood friends go from high school dropouts to the most powerful drug kingpins in Miami in this true story of a crime saga that spanned decades. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Control Z","tags":"  Ana Valeria Becerril, Michael Ronda, Yankel Stevan, Zion Moreno, Luis Curiel, Samantha Acu\u00f1a, Macarena Garc\u00eda, Fiona Palomo, Andr\u00e9s Baida, Patricio Gallardo, Iv\u00e1n Arag\u00f3n, Xabiani Ponce de Le\u00f3n, Patricia Maqueo, Rodrigo Cachero, Roc\u00edo Verdejo, Mauro S\u00e1nchez Navarro, Lidia San Jos\u00e9, Thanya L\u00f3pez, Renata del Castillo, Arturo Barba, Kariam Castro, Ariana Saavedra, Alexander Holtmann, Nastassia Villasana, Marco Zunino When a hacker begins releasing students' secrets to the entire high school, the socially isolated but observant Sof\u00eda works to uncover his\/her identity. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Cooking With Paris","tags":"  Paris Hilton With an anyone-can-cook attitude, Paris Hilton adds her own flair to every dish. Fun is just one edible glitter bomb away on this unique cooking show. showshow"},{"title":"Autumn's Concerto","tags":"  Ady An, Vanness Wu, Ann Hsu, Wu Kang-ren, Xiao Xiao Bin After losing all memories of his past, a wealthy lawyer travels to a rural village where a woman he once loved now lives with her son. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Heavy","tags":" James Mangold Pruitt Taylor Vince, Shelley Winters, Liv Tyler, Debbie Harry, Evan Dando, Joe Grifasi, David Patrick Kelly, Marian Quinn Overweight Victor hides from the world making pizzas in his mother's gloomy dive until a new waitress blows in and disrupts his isolation. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Ije: The Journey","tags":" Chineze Anyaene Genevieve Nnaji, Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde, Odalys Garcia, Ulrich Que, Jeff Swarthout, Clem Ohameze, Ann D. Carey, Anahit Setian, Danielle Soibelman, Jon Morgan Woodward When her sister is accused of multiple murders, a Nigerian woman travels to Los Angeles to uncover the truth and fight for her sibling\u2019s freedom. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Office Girls","tags":" Hsu Fu-chun Roy Chiu, Alice Ko, Tia Lee, Patrick Lee, Kuo Shu-yao, James Wen, Janel Tsai A department store mogul has his son work incognito in a menial job to prove his worthiness, while female co-workers teach him how normal people live. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Pray Away","tags":" Kristine Stolakis  Ex-leaders and a survivor of the so-called \"conversion therapy\" movement speak out about its harm to the LGBTQ+ community and its devastating persistence. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"The Prince Who Turns into a Frog","tags":"  Joe Chen, Ming Dao, Sam Wang, Joyce Chao, Gino, Su Li-hsin, Wang Chuan, Ehlo Huang Before his wedding, a cold CEO is hit by a car and awakens a changed man. As he and the driver fall in love, more changes appear on the road ahead. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Two Fathers","tags":"  Weber Yang, Lin Yo-Wei, Megan Lai, Amanda Chou, Lucia Xie, Cherry Leung When two single guys learn a woman they both slept with disappeared after giving birth, they decide to raise her baby girl together as a family. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"You're My Destiny","tags":"  Joe Chen, Ethan Juan, Baron Chen, Bianca Bai, Na Wei-hsun, Tan Ai-Chen A young woman's romantic cruise ends in a twist when she gets pregnant after a one-night stand with a rich executive, turning their lives upside down. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"30 Rock","tags":"  Tina Fey, Alec Baldwin, Tracy Morgan, Jane Krakowski, Jack McBrayer, Scott Adsit, Judah Friedlander, Katrina Bowden, Keith Powell, Lonny Ross, John Lutz, Kevin Brown, Grizz Chapman, Maulik Pancholy Liz Lemon juggles the demands of running an NBC sketch comedy show with trying to fix her disaster of a personal life and eating her night cheese. comedycomedy"},{"title":"44 Cats","tags":"  Sarah Natochenny, Suzy Myers, Simona Berman, Erica Schroeder, Marca Leigh, Scottie Ray, Henry F. Benjamin Paw-esome tales abound when singing furry friends Lampo, Milady, Pilou and Meatball band together. familyfamily"},{"title":"Beethoven","tags":" Brian Levant Charles Grodin, Bonnie Hunt, Dean Jones, Oliver Platt, Stanley Tucci, Nicholle Tom, Christopher Castile, Sarah Rose Karr, David Duchovny, Patricia Heaton, O-Lan Jones, Nancy Fish A father reluctantly agrees to let his children keep a St. Bernard puppy, but the playful pooch soon turns into a full-grown engine of destruction. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Beethoven's 2nd","tags":" Rod Daniel Charles Grodin, Bonnie Hunt, Nicholle Tom, Christopher Castile, Sarah Rose Karr, Debi Mazar, Chris Penn After St. Bernard Beethoven sires a brood with Missy, he and the Newton kids must intervene when Missy's owner tries to sell the puppies. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Beowulf","tags":" Robert Zemeckis Ray Winstone, Anthony Hopkins, John Malkovich, Angelina Jolie, Robin Wright, Brendan Gleeson, Crispin Glover, Alison Lohman, Sharisse Baker-Bernard This deftly animated take on a legendary Old English epic tells the timeless tale of a Scandinavian hero who's known for slaying dragons. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Boyka: Undisputed","tags":" Todor Chapkanov Scott Adkins, Teodora Duhovnikova, Alon Aboutboul, Julian Vergov, Brahim Achabbakhe, Paul Chahidi, Petio Petkov, Valentin Ganev, Vlado Mihailov The fourth film in the action franchise finds Boyka taking on brutal gangsters to protect the widow of a man he unintentionally killed in the ring. actionaction"},{"title":"Catch Me If You Can","tags":" Steven Spielberg Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen, Nathalie Baye, Amy Adams, James Brolin, Brian Howe, Frank John Hughes, Steve Eastin An FBI agent makes it his mission to put cunning con man Frank Abagnale Jr. behind bars. But Frank not only eludes capture, he revels in the pursuit. dramadrama"},{"title":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs","tags":" Phil Lord, Christopher Miller Bill Hader, Anna Faris, James Caan, Andy Samberg, Bruce Campbell, Mr. T, Bobb'e J. Thompson, Benjamin Bratt, Neil Patrick Harris, Al Roker When inventor Flint Lockwood makes clouds rain food, the citizens of Chewandswallow can feed themselves. But a bowl of disaster is about to overflow. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Deep Blue Sea","tags":" Renny Harlin Thomas Jane, Saffron Burrows, Samuel L. Jackson, Jacqueline McKenzie, Michael Rapaport, Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd, LL Cool J, Aida Turturro, Cristos, Daniel Rey Scientists conduct research on sharks in search of an Alzheimer's cure. But a dangerous shortcut leads to huge sharks with near-human intelligence. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","tags":" John Hughes Matthew Broderick, Alan Ruck, Mia Sara, Jeffrey Jones, Jennifer Grey, Cindy Pickett, Lyman Ward, Edie McClurg, Charlie Sheen, Kristy Swanson, Ben Stein, Del Close After faking an illness to skip school, popular teen Ferris Bueller enjoys a fun-filled day in Chicago with his girlfriend and his uptight best friend. classic,comedy,classicclassic,comedy,classic"},{"title":"Five Feet Apart","tags":" Justin Baldoni Haley Lu Richardson, Cole Sprouse, Mois\u00e9s Arias, Kimberly H\u00e9bert Gregory, Parminder Nagra, Claire Forlani, Emily Baldoni, Gary Weeks, Cynthia Evans A teen with cystic fibrosis shakes up her daily routine and challenges hospital protocol when she falls for a fellow patient. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Freedomland","tags":" Joe Roth Samuel L. Jackson, Julianne Moore, Edie Falco, Ron Eldard, William Forsythe, Aunjanue Ellis, Anthony Mackie, LaTanya Richardson Jackson, Clarke Peters, Peter Friedman, Domenick Lombardozzi When a woman reports that her infant son was kidnapped by a black man, an African American detective and a white activist team up to dig for details. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Good Luck Chuck","tags":" Mark Helfrich Dane Cook, Jessica Alba, Dan Fogler, Ellia English, Sasha Pieterse, Annie Wood, Lonny Ross, Chelan Simmons, Simone Bailly, Jodelle Ferland, Crystal Lowe, Troy Gentile, Georgia Craig, Michelle Harrison, Chiara Zanni Every time Chuck breaks up with a girlfriend, she ends up engaged to her next boyfriend. Soon, women are dating Chuck in hopes of meeting Mr. Right. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Hunter X Hunter (2011)","tags":"  Megumi Han, Mariya Ise, Keiji Fujiwara, Miyuki Sawashiro, Daisuke Namikawa To fulfill his dreams of becoming a legendary Hunter like his dad, a young boy must pass a rigorous examination and find his missing father. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Inception","tags":" Christopher Nolan Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Elliot Page, Tom Hardy, Ken Watanabe, Dileep Rao, Cillian Murphy, Tom Berenger, Marion Cotillard, Pete Postlethwaite, Michael Caine, Lukas Haas A troubled thief who extracts secrets from people's dreams takes one last job: leading a dangerous mission to plant an idea in a target's subconscious. action,fantasy,suspenseaction,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Magnolia","tags":" Paul Thomas Anderson John C. Reilly, Philip Baker Hall, Tom Cruise, Julianne Moore, Philip Seymour Hoffman, William H. Macy, Jeremy Blackman, Jason Robards, Melinda Dillon, April Grace, Luis Guzm\u00e1n, Ricky Jay, Alfred Molina, Michael Murphy, Melora Walters Through chance, history and divine intervention, a cast of eclectic characters weaves and warps through each other's lives on a random day in California. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Major Payne","tags":" Nick Castle Damon Wayans, Karyn Parsons, William Hickey, Michael Ironside, Albert Hall, Ross Bickell, Orlando Brown, Peyton Chesson-Fohl, Steven Martini A hardened Marine is given his marching orders and must now lead a disorderly group of mismatched cadets into a junior ROTC competition. comedycomedy"},{"title":"My Girl","tags":" Howard Zieff Dan Aykroyd, Jamie Lee Curtis, Macaulay Culkin, Anna Chlumsky, Richard Masur, Griffin Dunne, Ann Nelson, Peter Michael Goetz, Jane Hallaren, Anthony R. Jones This coming-of-age charmer follows a summer in the life of an 11-year-old girl who learns about love and loss as she grapples with profound changes. dramadrama"},{"title":"My Girl 2","tags":" Howard Zieff Anna Chlumsky, Austin O'Brien, Dan Aykroyd, Jamie Lee Curtis, Richard Masur, Christine Ebersole, Angeline Ball A teen makes surprising discoveries when she talks to her dead mother's high school friends for an essay about someone she admires but has never met. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Open Season: Scared Silly","tags":" David Feiss William Townsend, Donny Lucas, Melissa Sturm, Trevor Devall, Brian Drummond, Kathleen Barr, Garry Chalk, Lee Tockar, Shannon Chan-Kent, Michelle Murdocca, Lorne Cardinal, Peter Kelamis When a spooky werewolf tale scares Boog out of joining the annual camping trip, his friends hatch a plan to cure him of his fear. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Pineapple Express","tags":" David Gordon Green Seth Rogen, James Franco, Danny McBride, Kevin Corrigan, Craig Robinson, Gary Cole, Rosie Perez, Ed Begley Jr., Nora Dunn, Amber Heard After witnessing a murder, a perpetually stoned process server and his good-natured dealer go on the run from a drug lord who's out to kill them. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Planet 51","tags":" Jorge Blanco Justin Long, Dwayne Johnson, Gary Oldman, Seann William Scott, Jessica Biel, John Cleese, Freddie Benedict After landing on a planet reminiscent of 1950s suburbia, a human astronaut tries to avoid capture, recover his spaceship and make it home safely. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Poms","tags":" Zara Hayes Diane Keaton, Jacki Weaver, Pam Grier, Rhea Perlman, Celia Weston, Alisha Boe, Charlie Tahan After moving to a retirement community, loner Martha befriends a fun-loving neighbor and forms a cheerleading club for young-at-heart seniors. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Seabiscuit","tags":" Gary Ross Tobey Maguire, Jeff Bridges, Chris Cooper, Elizabeth Banks, Gary Stevens, William H. Macy, David McCullough, Kingston DuCoeur, Eddie Jones, Ed Lauter, Michael O'Neill, Michael Angarano, Royce D. Applegate, Annie Corley, Valerie Mahaffey An ungainly-looking colt becomes a winning thoroughbred in this Depression-era drama based on the true story of champion racehorse Seabiscuit. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Space Cowboys","tags":" Clint Eastwood Clint Eastwood, Tommy Lee Jones, Donald Sutherland, James Garner, James Cromwell, Marcia Gay Harden, William Devane, Loren Dean, Courtney B. Vance, Rade Serbedzija, Barbara Babcock, Blair Brown A retired engineer agrees to help NASA prevent a Russian satellite from falling to Earth if he and his over-the-hill pals can man the mission. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Team America: World Police","tags":" Trey Parker Trey Parker, Matt Stone, Kristen Miller, Masasa Moyo, Daran Norris, Phil Hendrie, Maurice LaMarche, Chelsea Magritte, Jeremy Shada, Fred Tatasciore In this musical satire, an all-marionette police force takes on the challenging role of keeping the peace on a troubled planet. action,comedy,classicaction,comedy,classic"},{"title":"The Edge of Seventeen","tags":" Kelly Fremon Craig Hailee Steinfeld, Woody Harrelson, Kyra Sedgwick, Haley Lu Richardson, Blake Jenner, Hayden Szeto, Alexander Calvert, Eric Keenleyside A troubled teenager finds high school life even less bearable after she catches her childhood best friend hooking up with her popular older brother. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"The Haunting in Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia","tags":" Tom Elkins Abigail Spencer, Chad Michael Murray, Katee Sackhoff, Emily Alyn Lind, Cicely Tyson, Andrea Frankle, Brad James, Lance E. Nichols A couple's Georgia dream home becomes a living nightmare when their daughter begins to have frightening visions from the property's terrible past. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Last Boy Scout","tags":" Tony Scott Bruce Willis, Damon Wayans, Chelsea Field, Noble Willingham, Taylor Negron, Danielle Harris, Halle Berry, Bruce McGill Private eye Joe Hallenbeck is forced to team up with a disgraced quarterback to uncover a conspiracy by a politician and a football team owner. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"The Lincoln Lawyer","tags":" Brad Furman Matthew McConaughey, Josh Lucas, Ryan Phillippe, John Leguizamo, Michael Pe\u00f1a, Bryan Cranston, Bob Gunton, William H. Macy, Marisa Tomei, Frances Fisher A street-wise defense lawyer who operates out of the back seat of his Lincoln lands a high-profile case that soon puts him and his family in danger. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Losers","tags":" Sylvain White Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Zoe Saldana, Chris Evans, Idris Elba, Columbus Short, \u00d3scar Jaenada, Jason Patric, Holt McCallany, Peter Macdissi, Peter Francis James After a search-and-destroy mission leads to betrayal, an elite black ops squad seeks revenge. But they must remain deep undercover to even the score. actionaction"},{"title":"The Machinist","tags":" Brad Anderson Christian Bale, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Aitana S\u00e1nchez-Gij\u00f3n, John Sharian, Michael Ironside, Lawrence Gilliard Jr., Reg E. Cathey, Anna Massey, Matthew Romero, Robert Long, Colin Stinton, Craig Stevenson Haunted and gaunt after a prolonged bout of insomnia, factory worker Trevor Reznik begins to question his sanity amid a series of mysterious events. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Net","tags":" Irwin Winkler Sandra Bullock, Jeremy Northam, Dennis Miller, Diane Baker, Wendy Gazelle, Ken Howard, Ray McKinnon, Daniel Schorr, L. Scott Caldwell, Robert Gossett A computer analyst becomes a target after she stumbles onto a conspiracy via a mysterious floppy disk, forcing her to go on the run to clear her name. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Original Kings of Comedy","tags":" Spike Lee Steve Harvey, D.L. Hughley, Cedric the Entertainer, Bernie Mac Comedians Steve Harvey, Cedric the Entertainer, D.L. Hughley and Bernie Mac hit the stage in an iconic stand-up concert directed by Spike Lee. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Valentine's Day","tags":" Garry Marshall Jessica Alba, Kathy Bates, Jessica Biel, Bradley Cooper, Eric Dane, Patrick Dempsey, Hector Elizondo, Jamie Foxx, Jennifer Garner, Topher Grace, Anne Hathaway, Ashton Kutcher, Queen Latifah, Taylor Lautner, George Lopez, Shirley MacLaine, Emma Roberts, Julia Roberts, Taylor Swift The tripwires of modern love are exposed in a carousel involving relationships and the single life on the most romantic day of the year: February 14. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Charmed","tags":"  Madeleine Mantock, Sarah Jeffery, Melonie Diaz, Rupert Evans, Ser'Darius Blain, Ellen Tamaki, Charlie Gillespie After their mother\u2019s tragic death, a trio of sisters bond over their newfound powers, vanquish demons and band together to defend their magical legacy. drama,fantasydrama,fantasy"},{"title":"Eyes of a Thief","tags":" Najwa Najjar Khaled Abol El Naga, Souad Massi, Suhail Haddad, Malak Ermileh, Maisa Abd Elhadi, Walid Abdul Salam, Nisreen Faour, Areen Omari After a decade in prison, a Palestinian man with a dark secret returns to the West Bank and searches for the daughter he lost long ago. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Glow Up","tags":"   In this competition show, aspiring makeup artists navigate colorful challenges to win a career-making opportunity in the beauty industry. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Outer Banks","tags":"  Chase Stokes, Madelyn Cline, Madison Bailey, Jonathan Daviss, Rudy Pankow, Charles Esten, Adina Porter, Austin North, Drew Starkey On an island of haves and have-nots, teen John B enlists his three best friends to hunt for a legendary treasure linked to his father's disappearance. action,drama,showaction,drama,show"},{"title":"Flower Girl","tags":" Michelle Bello Damilola Adegbite, Chris Attoh, Chuks Chukwujekwu, Blossom Chukwujekwu, Eku Edewor, Bikiya Graham Douglas When a young florist who's long dreamed of her wedding day gets dumped by her boyfriend, she sets out to win him back with help from a handsome actor. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Bartkowiak","tags":" Daniel Markowicz J\u00f3zef Paw\u0142owski, Zofia Domalik, Szymon Bobrowski, Bart\u0142omiej Topa, Janusz Chabior, Rafa\u0142 Zawierucha, Antoni Pawlicki, Cezary \u0141ukaszewicz, Danuta Stenka, Jan Frycz, Damian Majewski After his brother dies in a car crash, a disgraced MMA fighter takes over the family nightclub \u2014 and soon learns his sibling's death wasn\u2019t an accident. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Fantastic Fungi","tags":" Louie Schwartzberg  Delve into the magical world of fungi, from mushrooms that clear oil spills to underground fungal networks that help trees communicate. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Flash","tags":" Glen Winter Grant Gustin, Candice Patton, Danielle Panabaker, Carlos Valdes, Tom Cavanagh, Jesse L. Martin, Neil Sandilands, Britne Oldford, Danielle Nicolet, Keiynan Lonsdale, Kim Engelbrecht A forensics expert who wakes from a coma with amazing new powers squares off against forces threatening the city in this live-action superhero romp. action,action,fantasyaction,action,fantasy"},{"title":"All American","tags":"  Daniel Ezra, Taye Diggs, Samantha Logan, Bre-Z, Greta Onieogou, Monet Mazur, Michael Evans Behling, Cody Christian, Karimah Westbrook, Jalyn Hall, Jordan Belfi, Briana Lane Culture clashes and brewing rivalries test a teen football player from South Los Angeles when he\u2019s recruited to the Beverly Hills High School team. drama,showdrama,show"},{"title":"Department","tags":" Ram Gopal Varma Amitabh Bachchan, Sanjay Dutt, Rana Daggubati, Vijay Raaz, Abhimanyu Singh, Madhu Shalini, Deepak Tijori, Anjana Sukhani, Manchu Lakshmi Two cops form a task force to take down two mobsters, but when a sinister politician enters the picture, dubious loyalties and motives come to light. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"How to Sell Drugs Online (Fast)","tags":"  Maximilian Mundt, Danilo Kamperidis, Lena Klenke, Damian Hardung, Leonie Wesselow, Luna Schaller, Bjarne M\u00e4del, Roland Riebeling To win back his ex-girlfriend, a nerdy teen starts selling ecstasy online out of his bedroom \u2013 and becomes one of Europe's biggest dealers. action,foregin,comedyaction,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Mighty Express","tags":"  Jay Hatton, Zoe Hatz, Meesha Contreras, Dylan Shombing, Tyler Nathan, Leo Orgil, Michela Luci, Ian Ho, Evan Lefeuvre, Annick Obonsawin Catch a ride with the Mighty Express \u2014 a team of trains and their kid friends who overcome trouble on the tracks with quick thinking and teamwork! familyfamily"},{"title":"The Operative","tags":" Yuval Adler Diane Kruger, Martin Freeman, Cas Anvar, Rotem Keinan, Yohanan Herson Working as a Mossad spy assigned to Tehran, Rachel reaches her breaking point. Now it\u2019s dangerously hard to tell whose side she\u2019s on. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Walking Dead","tags":"  Andrew Lincoln, Steven Yeun, Norman Reedus, Chandler Riggs, Melissa McBride, Lauren Cohan, Danai Gurira, Alanna Masterson, Sonequa Martin-Green, Josh McDermitt, Christian Serratos, Seth Gilliam, Ross Marquand, Lennie James, Emily Kinney, Jon Bernthal In the wake of a zombie apocalypse, survivors hold on to the hope of humanity by banding together to wage a fight for their own survival. classic,action,dramaclassic,action,drama"},{"title":"Wynonna Earp","tags":"  Melanie Scrofano, Shamier Anderson, Tim Rozon, Dominique Provost-Chalkley, Michael Eklund, Katherine Barrell, Greg Lawson, Natascha Girgis The outcast descendant of lawman Wyatt Earp teams up with an immortal Doc Holliday to rid the world of demonic revenants from the Wild West. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Django Unchained","tags":" Quentin Tarantino Jamie Foxx, Christoph Waltz, Leonardo DiCaprio, Kerry Washington, Samuel L. Jackson, Walton Goggins, Dennis Christopher, James Remar, David Steen, Dana Gourrier, Nichole Galicia, Laura Cayouette, Ato Essandoh, Sammi Rotibi, Escalante Lundy, Don Johnson Accompanied by a German bounty hunter, a freed slave named Django travels across America to free his wife from a sadistic plantation owner. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"A Second Chance:  Rivals!","tags":" Clay Glen Emily Morris, Stella Shute, Eva Grados, India Colombi, Nina Pearce, Adam Tuominen, Carmel Johnson, Natasha Wanganeen, Elysia Markou, Alexander Lloyd, Amy Handley Crushed when she doesn't qualify for the Olympics, a now-grown Maddy Cornell finds new purpose coaching young gymnasts going up against a rival team. family,sportsfamily,sports"},{"title":"Sky Rojo","tags":"  Ver\u00f3nica S\u00e1nchez, Miguel \u00c1ngel Silvestre, Asier Etxeandia, Lali Esp\u00f3sito, Yany Prado, Enric Auquer, Luis Zahera, Carmen Santamar\u00eda, Cecilia G\u00f3mez, Godeliv Van den Brandt, Pen\u00e9lope Guerrero, Luisa Vides, Niko Verona, Chema Ruiz A fatal turn of events at a brothel sends three women haunted by their pasts on a wild run from their pimp and his henchmen. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"The Last Letter From Your Lover","tags":" Augustine Frizzell Shailene Woodley, Felicity Jones, Callum Turner, Joe Alwyn, Nabhaan Rizwan, Ncuti Gatwa, Emma Appleton, Christian Brassington, Alice Orr-Ewing, Lee Knight, Zoe Boyle, Ben Cross, Diana Kent After finding a trove of love letters from 1965, a reporter sets out to solve the mystery of a secret affair \u2014 while embarking on a romance of her own. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"The Movies That Made Us","tags":"   These blockbusters brought us together and gave us the time of our lives. Meet the actors, directors and industry insiders who made them happen. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Chhota Bheem And The Broken Amulet","tags":" Rajiv Chilaka Vatsal Dubey, Julie Tejwani, Rupa Bhimani, Jigna Bhardwaj, Rajesh Kava, Mousam, Swapnil When a stranger tries to steal an amulet from the palace, Bheem learns the sad story behind the ornament and heads to Africa to defeat the real villain. familyfamily"},{"title":"Chhota Bheem aur Krishna","tags":" Rajiv Chilaka Vatsal Dubey, Julie Tejwani, Rupa Bhimani, Jigna Bhardwaj, Rajesh Kava, Arun Shekher, Sanchit Wartak Centuries after the end of a conqueror's rule, he is mysteriously back from the dead. It\u2019s up to Bheem to save Dholakpur from being taken over! familyfamily"},{"title":"Chicago Med","tags":"  Colin Donnell, Torrey DeVitto, Oliver Platt, S. Epatha Merkerson, Nick Gehlfuss, Yaya DaCosta, Laurie Holden The doctors and nurses of Gaffney Chicago Medical Center juggle the busy ER's dramas and dangers in this spinoff of \"Chicago Fire\" and \"Chicago P.D.\" dramadrama"},{"title":"Cousins","tags":" Ainsley Gardiner, Briar Grace-Smith Rachel House, Briar Grace-Smith, Tanea Heke, Tioreore Ngatai-Melbourne, Ana Scotney, Hariata Moriarty, Chelsie Preston Crayford, Sylvia Rands Separated as children, three cousins with an unshakeable bond confront their painful pasts and embark on an emotional journey to find each other. dramadrama"},{"title":"Sanitation Day","tags":" Seyi Babatope Blossom Chukwujekwu, Elozonam Ogbolu, Nse Ikpe-Etim, Belinda Effah, Saeed Mohammed, Chukwuemeka Okoroafor, Kunle Fawole, Chris Okagbue, Adebayo Salami, Charles Inojie, Elvina Ibru, Tobi Bakare Two cops must contend with the uncooperative tenants of an apartment complex as they try to solve a murder before the crime scene is wiped clean. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Milkwater","tags":" Morgan Ingari Molly Bernard, Patrick Breen, Robin de Jes\u00fas, Ava Eisenson, Ade Otukoya Aimless 20-something Milo impulsively becomes a gay man\u2019s surrogate and wrestles with the emotional complexities of her non-traditional decision. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Okupas","tags":"  Rodrigo de la Serna, Diego Alonso, Ariel Staltari, Franco Tirri, Ana Celentano, Rosina Soto, Augusto Br\u00edtez, Dante Mastropierro, Susana Manchini, Diana Wells In 2000, a group of young men takes over a house in Buenos Aires, becoming squatters, while dealing with an increasingly violent and hostile city. classic,action,foreginclassic,action,foregin"},{"title":"The Tambour of Retribution","tags":" Abdulaziz Alshlahei Faisal Al Dokhei, Adwa Fahad, Muhand Alsaleh, Rawya Ahmed, Ajeba Aldosary, Aly Ibrahim, Samer Elkhal, Hashem Hawsawi, Ibrahim Mesisebi, Shabib Alkhaleefa, Abdulateif Saud, Nada Alshehry, Dhay Nasser In an impoverished neighborhood, the son of a swordsman falls in love with the daughter of a wedding singer \u2014 a taboo match in a traditional society. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Cosmic Sin","tags":" Edward Drake Frank Grillo, Bruce Willis, Brandon Thomas Lee, Corey Large, Perrey Reeves, C.J. Perry, Lochlyn Munro, Costas Mandylor, Adelaide Kane, Eva De Dominici, Sarah May Sommers, Trevor Gretzky In the year 2524, a disgraced retired general is called back into combat to help prevent an interstellar war against a hostile alien fleet. actionaction"},{"title":"Deep","tags":" Sita Likitvanichkul, Jetarin Ratanaserikiat, Apirak Samudkitpaisan, Thanabodee Uawithya, Adirek Wattaleela Panisara Rikulsurakan, Kay Lertsittichai, Supanaree Sutavijitvong, Krit Jeerapattananuwong, Warisara Jitpreedasakul, Dujdao Vadhanapakorn, Kim Waddoup, Philaiwan Khamphirathat, Wongsakorn Rassamitat, Bhumibhat Thavornsiri Four insomniac med school students are lured into a neuroscience experiment that spirals out of control \u2014 and must find a way out before it\u2019s too late. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Explained","tags":"   This enlightening series from Vox digs into a wide range of topics such as the rise of cryptocurrency, why diets fail, and the wild world of K-pop. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Johnny Test","tags":"  James Arnold Taylor, Trevor Devall, Maryke Hendrikse, Emily Tennant How much trouble could one imaginative boy, his faithful dog and two science-loving sisters possibly get into? Hmm, that sounds like a challenge! family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Beguiled","tags":" Sofia Coppola Colin Farrell, Nicole Kidman, Kirsten Dunst, Elle Fanning, Oona Laurence, Angourie Rice, Addison Riecke, Emma Howard During the Civil War, a wounded Union soldier takes refuge at a Southern girls school, rupturing the calm amid growing sexual tension and infighting. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Book of Henry","tags":" Colin Trevorrow Naomi Watts, Jaeden Martell, Jacob Tremblay, Sarah Silverman, Dean Norris, Lee Pace, Maddie Ziegler, Tonya Pinkins, Bobby Moynihan, Geraldine Hughes An 11-year-old vows to help a new neighbor who he suspects is in danger, and documents his efforts in a series of written entries and audio recordings. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn: Part 1","tags":" Bill Condon Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, Taylor Lautner, Billy Burke, Peter Facinelli, Elizabeth Reaser, Kellan Lutz, Nikki Reed, Jackson Rathbone, Ashley Greene After a dream wedding, Bella and Edward enter a new nightmare when a shocking development forces life-or-death decisions. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn: Part 2","tags":" Bill Condon Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, Taylor Lautner, Peter Facinelli, Elizabeth Reaser, Ashley Greene, Jackson Rathbone, Kellan Lutz, Nikki Reed, Billy Burke In the epic series' final chapter, Bella and Edward's newborn daughter forces the couple into a life-altering confrontation with the Volturi. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"The Twilight Saga: Eclipse","tags":" David Slade Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, Taylor Lautner, Bryce Dallas Howard, Billy Burke, Dakota Fanning, Peter Facinelli, Elizabeth Reaser, Jackson Rathbone, Kellan Lutz, Ashley Greene, Nikki Reed With a bloodthirsty enemy on a quest for revenge, Bella must reconcile her love for vampire Edward and her growing feelings for werewolf Jacob. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"The Twilight Saga: New Moon","tags":" Chris Weitz Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, Taylor Lautner, Ashley Greene, Rachelle Lefevre, Billy Burke, Michael Sheen, Dakota Fanning, Peter Facinelli, Elizabeth Reaser, Jackson Rathbone, Kellan Lutz, Nikki Reed, Edi Gathegi Still reeling from the departure of vampire Edward Cullen, a heartbroken Bella Swan finds comfort in her friendship with werewolf Jacob Black. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Twilight","tags":" Catherine Hardwicke Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, Billy Burke, Peter Facinelli, Elizabeth Reaser, Cam Gigandet, Ashley Greene, Anna Kendrick, Nikki Reed, Taylor Lautner, Jackson Rathbone, Kellan Lutz When Bella Swan moves in with her father, she starts school and meets Edward, a mysterious classmate who reveals himself to be a 108-year-old vampire. action,drama,romanceaction,drama,romance"},{"title":"A Perfect Fit","tags":" Hadrah Daeng Ratu Nadya Arina, Refal Hady, Giorgino Abraham, Anggika Bolsterli, Laura Theux, Christine Hakim, Unique Priscilla, Karina Suwandi, Mathias Muchus, Ayu Laksmi, I Made Sidia, Dominique Sanda, Bryan Domani, Wafda Saifan, Yayu Unru, Dave Hendrik Sparks fly when a fashion blogger in Bali meets a gifted shoemaker, leading her to question her commitment to her fianc\u00e9. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"BEASTARS","tags":"  Chikahiro Kobayashi, Sayaka Senbongi, Yuki Ono, Atsumi Tanezaki, Junya Enoki, Yuma Uchida, Takeo Otsuka, Naoto Kobayashi, Yoshiyuki Shimozuma, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Fukushi Ochiai, Takaaki Torashima, Sayumi Watabe, Genki Muro, Yuichi Iguchi, Yuko Hara, Ikuto Kanemasa, Ouchi Akane, Hibiku Yamamura, Sakura Ando, Akio Otsuka, Mitsuaki Hoshino, Kenyu Horiuchi In a world where beasts of all kinds coexist, a gentle wolf awakens to his own predatory urges as his school deals with a murder within its midst. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Her Private Life","tags":"  Park Min-young, Kim Jae-uk, Ahn Bo-hyun, Jung Je-won, Park Jin-joo, Kim Bo-ra, Maeng Sang-hun, Kim Mee-kyung, Kim Sun-young, Lee Il-hwa An art curator's life unravels, as she tries to keep her pastime as a die-hard K-pop fan secret from her gallery's new director. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Lift Like a Girl","tags":" Mayye Zayed  With the guidance of her relentless coach, a teen weightlifter emerges from a scrappy training camp in Egypt to compete at the championship level. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Never Have I Ever","tags":"  Maitreyi Ramakrishnan, Poorna Jagannathan, Richa Moorjani, Jaren Lewison, Darren Barnet, John McEnroe, Ramona Young, Lee Rodriguez, Sendhil Ramamurthy, Adam Shapiro, Niecy Nash, Cocoa Brown, Lily D. Moore, Eddie Liu After a traumatic year, all an Indian-American teen wants is to go from pariah to popular \u2014 but friends, family and feelings won\u2019t make it easy on her. comedy,drama,showcomedy,drama,show"},{"title":"Surf's Up","tags":" Ash Brannon, Chris Buck Shia LaBeouf, Jeff Bridges, Zooey Deschanel, Jon Heder, James Woods, Diedrich Bader, Mario Cantone, Kelly Slater, Rob Machado, Sal Masekela This Oscar-nominated animated comedy goes behind the scenes at the Penguin World Surfing Championship to get a close-up look at the inventors of surfing. family,comedy,sportsfamily,comedy,sports"},{"title":"This Changes Everything","tags":" Tom Donahue  This documentary takes a deep look at gender disparity in Hollywood through the eyes of well-known actresses and female filmmakers. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"A Classic Horror Story","tags":" Roberto De Feo, Paolo Strippoli Matilda Lutz, Francesco Russo, Peppino Mazzotta, Will Merrick, Yuliia Sobol, Alida Baldari Calabria, Cristina Donadio, Francesca Cavallin In this gruesome suspense film, strangers traveling in southern Italy become stranded in the woods, where they must fight desperately to get out alive. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"American Woman","tags":" Semi Chellas Hong Chau, Sarah Gadon, John Gallagher Jr., Lola Kirke, Ellen Burstyn, David Cubitt, Jordan Pettle, Richard Walters In rural Pennsylvania, a working-class single mom must pick up the pieces and step up to raise her grandson after her daughter suddenly disappears. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ridley Jones","tags":"  Iara Nemirovsky, Laraine Newman, David Errigo Jr, Tyler Shamy, Ezra Menas, Ashlyn Madden, Sutton Foster Curious kid Ridley and her friends protect the Museum of Natural History\u2019s treasures and keep its magical secret safe: Everything comes alive at night! familyfamily"},{"title":"Born to Play","tags":" Viridiana Lieberman  This documentary follows the Boston Renegades \u2014 an all-woman, tackle football team \u2014 as they risk their time, families and day jobs for the game. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"American Ultra","tags":" Nima Nourizadeh Jesse Eisenberg, Kristen Stewart, Topher Grace, Connie Britton, Walton Goggins, John Leguizamo, Bill Pullman, Tony Hale, Lavell Crawford, Stuart Greer He's just a weed fiend going nowhere, or so he thinks. When the CIA tries to eliminate him, his long-dormant superspy training comes roaring back. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Atypical","tags":"  Jennifer Jason Leigh, Keir Gilchrist, Michael Rapaport, Brigette Lundy-Paine, Amy Okuda, Jenna Boyd, Graham Rogers, Nik Dodani When a teen on the autism spectrum decides to get a girlfriend, his bid for more independence puts his whole family on a path of self-discovery. comedy,drama,showcomedy,drama,show"},{"title":"Biohackers","tags":"  Luna Wedler, Jessica Schwarz, Adrian Julius Tillmann, Thomas Prenn, Jing Xiang, Caro Cult, Sebastian Jakob Doppelbauer A medical student enters a top German university on a secret mission to uncover a conspiracy linking a family tragedy to a visionary biology professor. foregin,drama,fantasyforegin,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Ratchet and Clank","tags":" Jericca Cleland, Kevin Munroe Paul Giamatti, John Goodman, Bella Thorne, Rosario Dawson, Jim Ward, Armin Shimerman, Vincent Tong, Andrew Cownden, James Arnold Taylor, David Kaye, Sylvester Stallone Affable alien Ratchet longs to be a Galactic Ranger and might get the chance when rogue robot Clank tells him of evil Drek's plot to destroy a galaxy. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Virgin River","tags":"  Alexandra Breckenridge, Martin Henderson, Tim Matheson, Annette O'Toole, Colin Lawrence, Jenny Cooper, Lauren Hammersley Searching for a fresh start, a nurse practitioner moves from LA to a remote northern California town and is surprised by what \u2013 and who \u2013 she finds. romance,dramaromance,drama"},{"title":"Back to Q82","tags":" Ahmed Siddiqui Jassim Al Nabhan, Abdel Imam Abdullah, Abdulaziz El Nassar, Khalid Muthafar, Amal Anbari, Ali Al-Hamdaan, El Hussein Abd, Nawaf Al Shemmeri, Bashar Abd Alah, Naser Albouloshy Eager to rejoin her divorced parents, an inventor's daughter drives his time-traveling car back to 1982. But a secret crush accidentally follows. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Home Again","tags":" Hallie Meyers-Shyer Reese Witherspoon, Michael Sheen, Candice Bergen, Nat Wolff, Jon Rudnitsky, Pico Alexander, Lake Bell, Reid Scott, Dolly Wells, Lola Flanery, Eden Grace Redfield, P.J. Byrne A newly single mom takes in three young male filmmakers as boarders, but her estranged husband returns to complicate her new, unconventional life. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Midnight Sun","tags":" Scott Speer Bella Thorne, Patrick Schwarzenegger, Rob Riggle, Quinn Shephard, Suleka Mathew, Tiera Skovbye, Ken Tremblett, Norm Misura, Austin Obiajunwa, Nicholas Coombe Born with a fatal sensitivity to sunlight, a sheltered teen girl falls for her neighbor, but hides her condition from him as their romance blossoms. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"RESIDENT EVIL: Infinite Darkness","tags":"  Nick Apostolides, Stephanie Panisello, Ray Chase, Jona Xiao, Billy Kametz, Joe J. Thomas, Doug Stone, Brad Venable, Toshiyuki Morikawa, Yuhko Kaida, Fumihiko Tachiki, Megumi Han, Kenji Nojima, Kazuhiko Inoue, Aruno Tahara, Mitsuru Ogata Years after the horrors of Raccoon City, Leon and Claire find themselves consumed by a dark conspiracy when a viral attack ravages the White House. anime,suspense,suspenseanime,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Rock the Kasbah","tags":" Barry Levinson Bill Murray, Kate Hudson, Zooey Deschanel, Danny McBride, Scott Caan, Leem Lubany, Bruce Willis, Arian Moayed, Taylor Kinney, Glenn Fleshler When a has-been music producer gets stuck in Afghanistan he discovers a girl with a wonderful voice, then has to find a way to market her talents. comedy,musiccomedy,music"},{"title":"Brick Mansions","tags":" Camille Delamarre Paul Walker, David Belle, RZA, Gouchy Boy, Catalina Denis, Ayisha Issa, Carlo Rota, Andreas Apergis, Richard Zeman, Robert Maillet An undercover police detective partners with an ex-convict to take down a drug kingpin amid grime and crime in a walled-off Detroit housing project. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Dogs","tags":"   These six intimate stories explore the abiding emotional bonds that form between dogs and their caregivers, no matter the circumstances. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Tango With Me","tags":" Mahmood Ali-Balogun Genevieve Nnaji, Joseph Benjamin, Joke Silva, Tina Mba, Ahmed Yerima, Bimbo Manuel, Sade Alder-Hayes A newly married couple journeys through self-discovery and healing while dealing with the aftermath of a traumatic event on their wedding night. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Mire","tags":" Jan Holoubek Andrzej Seweryn, Dawid Ogrodnik, Zofia Wich\u0142acz, Magdalena Walach, Piotr Fronczewski, Agnieszka \u017bulewska, Ireneusz Czop, Zbigniew Walery\u015b, Jacek Beler, Nel Kaczmarek In an early-'80s Polish town, a prostitute and a youth leader are found killed, but the police's handling of the case makes two journalists suspicious. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"This Little Love Of Mine","tags":" Christine Luby Saskia Hampele, Liam McIntyre, Lynn Gilmartin, Craig Horner A workaholic lawyer returns to her island home to convince an old friend to take over his family\u2019s company \u2014 but rekindled feelings soon get in the way. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"A Land Imagined","tags":" Yeo Siew Hua Peter Yu, Liu Xiaoyi, Guo Yue, Ishtiaque Zico, Jack Tan A cop in Singapore investigates the disappearance of a Chinese migrant construction worker who spent sleepless nights playing a mysterious video game. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ask the StoryBots","tags":"  Judy Greer, Erin Fitzgerald, Fred Tatasciore, Jeff Gill, Gregg Spiridellis, Evan Spiridellis Five curious little creatures track down the answers to kids' biggest questions, like how night happens or why we need to brush our teeth. familyfamily"},{"title":"Between","tags":"  Jennette McCurdy, Jesse Carere, Ryan Allen, Justin Kelly, Kyle Mac, Jack Murray, Brooke Palsson, Jim Watson, Wesley Morgan, Krystal Hope Nausbaum, Shailene Garnett, Canute Gomes, Sarah Podemski, Shailyn Pierre-Dixon, Jesse Bostick, Steven Grayhm, Percy Hynes White, Mercedes Morris, Samantha Munro After a mysterious disease kills every resident over 22 years old, survivors of a town must fend for themselves when the government quarantines them. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Chelsea","tags":"   It's not her first talk show, but it is a first of its kind. Ideas, people and places that fascinate her, all in her unique style. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Code Lyoko","tags":"  Raphaelle Bruneau, Sophie Landresse, Marie-Line Landerwyn, G\u00e9raldine Frippiat, Carole Baillien, Bruno Mullenaerts, Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Meaux After discovering a parallel universe hidden inside a supercomputer, four students must stop a renegade virus from destroying the secret world. familyfamily"},{"title":"Colony","tags":"  Josh Holloway, Sarah Wayne Callies, Peter Jacobson, Amanda Righetti, Tory Kittles, Isabella Crovetti, Alex Neustaedter When LA is invaded by outside forces and becomes a walled-in settlement, a former FBI agent and his wife risk everything to find their lost son. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Cuckoo","tags":"  Andy Samberg, Taylor Lautner, Greg Davies, Helen Baxendale, Tamla Kari, Tyger Drew-Honey, Esther Smith Rachel shocks her proper British parents when she marries an American hippie, but it's just the first in a series of surprises for the family. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Derry Girls","tags":"  Saoirse-Monica Jackson, Nicola Coughlan, Louisa Harland, Jamie-Lee O'Donnell, Dylan Llewellyn, Tara Lynne O'Neill, Kathy Kiera Clarke, Tommy Tiernan, Ian McElhinney, Siobhan McSweeney Amidst the political conflict of Northern Ireland in the 1990s, five high school students square off with the universal challenges of being a teenager. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Girl from Nowhere","tags":"  Chicha Amatayakul, Thanawetch Siriwattanakul, Pajaree Nantarat, Thitinan Khlangphet, Chonnikan Netjui, Nutthasit Kotimanuswanich, Tatchapol Thitiapichai, Chanicha Boonpanuvichit, Morakot Liu, Ekawat Niratvorapanya, Anuchit Sapanpong, Awat Ratanapintha, Claudia Chakrapan, Piyathida Woramusik, Apasiri Kittithanon, Kunchanuj Kengkarnka, Nutnicha Lueanganankhun A mysterious, clever girl named Nanno transfers to different schools, exposing the lies and misdeeds of the students and faculty at every turn. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Good Morning Call","tags":"  Haruka Fukuhara, Shunya Shiraishi, Dori Sakurada, Moe Arai, Kentaro, Shugo Nagashima, Koya Nagasawa, Hinako Tanaka, Tomoharu Hasegawa, Tomoko Fujita, Erika Mori, Kei Tanaka, Yosuke Sugino, Maryjun Takahashi, Itsuki Sagara, Madoka Yoshida A high school girl finally gets her own apartment, but she has to share it with the most popular boy in school. No one can know they're living together. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Har Kisse Ke Hisse: Kaamyaab","tags":" Hardik Mehta Sanjay Mishra, Deepak Dobriyal, Sarika Singh, Isha Talwar, Avtar Gill, Kaurwakee Vashistha, Amitabh Srivastava, Vikas Verma After a career of thankless credits, a retired actor returns for a long-awaited leading role but finds he is utterly unprepared for new-age filmmaking. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"I AM A KILLER","tags":"   Death row inmates convicted of capital murder give a firsthand account of their crimes in this documentary series. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"I Think You Should Leave with Tim Robinson","tags":"  Tim Robinson, Andy Samberg, Sam Richardson, Will Forte, Fred Willard, Cecily Strong, Tim Heidecker, Kate Berlant There is no such thing as an ordinary interaction in this offbeat sketch comedy series that features a deep roster of guest stars. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kim's Convenience","tags":"  Paul Sun-Hyung Lee, Jean Yoon, Andrea Bang, Simu Liu, Andrew Phung, Nicole Power While running a convenience store in Toronto, members of a Korean-Canadian family deal with customers, each other and the evolving world around them. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Larva","tags":"   Two curious worms spend their days investigating the otherworldly objects that fall through the grate into their subterranean world. family,foregin,comedyfamily,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Marcella","tags":"  Anna Friel, Nicholas Pinnock, Sin\u00e9ad Cusack, Nina Sosanya, Harry Lloyd, Laura Carmichael, Maeve Dermody, Ray Panthaki, Ian Puleston-Davies, Patrick Baladi, Florence Pugh, Jamie Bamber, Charlie Covell, Andrew Lancel, Jack Doolan, Tobias Santelmann, Stephen Lord, Ben Cura, Imogen Faires Her marriage just ended and she's returning to work as a London detective after 12 years away. Is the serial killer she once investigated back, too? foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Midnight Diner: Tokyo Stories","tags":"  Kaoru Kobayashi, Joe Odagiri, Mansaku Fuwa, Reiko Kataoka, Koen Kondo, Bsaku Sato, Hirofumi Arai, Mamiko Itoh, Yuma Yamoto, Yoshinori Okada, Ah-sung Ko, Kosuke Toyohara, Yoshiyuki Morishita, Junko Miyashita, Tamaki Ogawa, Toru Kazama, Kotaro Shiga, Mitsuru Hirata, Toshiki Ayata, Shohei Uno, Tamae Ando, Risa Sudou, Asako Kobayashi, Takashi Yamanaka, Yutaka Matsushige, Ken Mitsuishi, Mikako Tabe, Kimiko Yo Patrons of an otherwise mundane Japanese diner find simple yet profound connections with one another based on the shared love of a particular dish. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic","tags":"  Ashleigh Ball, Tabitha St. Germain, Tara Strong, Andrea Libman, Cathy Weseluck, Nicole Oliver Journey to the enchanted land of Equestria, where unicorn Twilight Sparkle and her pals have adventures and learn valuable lessons about friendship. familyfamily"},{"title":"Orange Is the New Black","tags":"  Taylor Schilling, Kate Mulgrew, Laura Prepon, Jason Biggs, Natasha Lyonne, Michael Harney, Uzo Aduba, Danielle Brooks, Samira Wiley, Dascha Polanco, Selenis Leyva, Nick Sandow, Yael Stone, Taryn Manning, Lea DeLaria, Matt McGorry, Emma Myles, Vicky Jeudy, Laverne Cox, Pablo Schreiber, Lori Petty, Ruby Rose, Adrienne C. Moore, Jackie Cruz, Elizabeth Rodriguez A privileged New Yorker ends up in a women's prison when a past crime catches up with her in this Emmy-winning series from the creator of \"Weeds.\" comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Puffin Rock","tags":"  Chris O'Dowd, Kate McCafferty, Sally McDaid, Geraldine Cole, Brian McMonagle, Darragh Gargan Life is sweet on beautiful Puffin Rock, where puffling Oona, her baby brother Baba and their pals learn about nature, friendship and family. familyfamily"},{"title":"Rehmataan","tags":" Rajveer Singh Maan, Harpeet Singh Guggu Gill, Sukhjinder Shera, Surinder Shinda, Deep Dhillon, Jasmine Jassi, Gurvinder Brar, Razia Sukhvir, Raj Virk As unemployment, drug addiction and corruption plague a society, this drama depicts the people who believe there\u2019s still good in the world. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Return of the Prodigal Son","tags":" Youssef Chahine Majida El Roumi, Souheir El Morshidy, Shoukry Sarhan, Huda Sultan, Mahmoud El Meleigy, Ahmad Mehrez, Hesham Selim Freed after spending 12 years in jail, a man's homecoming turns into a dark affair as his disillusion clashes with his family's expectations. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Richie Rich","tags":"  Jake Brennan, Joshua Carlon, Lauren Taylor, Jenna Ortega, Kiff VandenHeuvel, Brooke Wexler After turning his veggies into green energy, Richie Rich earns a trillion dollars overnight and a new life filled with nonstop fun and adventure. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Rise: Ini Kalilah","tags":" Saw Teong Hin, Nik Amir Mustapha, M.S. Prem Nath Remy Ishak, Mira Filzah, Jack Tan, Sangeeta Krishnasamy, Shashi Tharan, Mark O'Dea, Jenn Chia, Sharifah Sakinah Inspired by Malaysia's 14th General Election, this film trails six individuals and the obstacles they face in the days leading up to the historic event. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Scream","tags":"  Willa Fitzgerald, Bex Taylor-Klaus, John Karna, Amadeus Serafini, Connor Weil, Carlson Young, Jason Wiles, Tracy Middendorf, Tom Maden, Bobby Campo, Santiago Segura, Mike Vaughn In this new TV series sequel to the classic horror franchise, a cyberbullying incident in Lakewood leads to a murder with chilling echoes of the past. action,suspense,suspenseaction,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Shtisel","tags":"  Doval'e Glickman, Michael Aloni, Ayelet Zurer, Neta Riskin, Shira Haas, Sarel Piterman, Zohar Shtrauss, Orly Silbersatz Banai, Sasson Gabai, Shlomo Shitrit A Haredi family living in an ultra-Orthodox neighborhood of Jerusalem reckons with love, loss and the doldrums of daily life. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Si Doel the Movie 2","tags":" Rano Karno Maudy Koesnaedi, Rano Karno, Cornelia Agatha, Mandra Naih, Aminah Tjendrakasih, Suty Karno, Adam Jagwani As Sarah and her child look to settle in Jakarta, Zaenab searches for answers and gets caught between defending her marriage to Doel or letting it go. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Some Assembly Required","tags":"  Kolton Stewart, Harrison Houde, Charlie Storwick, Sydney Scotia, Travis Turner, Ellie Harvie, Dylan Playfair A 14-year-old takes ownership of a toy company and hires a group of his friends to help him create amazing new toys. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Tales by Light","tags":"  Darren Jew, Art Wolfe, Krystle Wright, Peter Eastway, Richard l\u2019Anson, Jack Thompson, Jonathan Scott, Angela Scott, Eric Cheng, Stephen Dupont Follow renowned photographers as they explore far-flung locales, capturing extraordinary images that present nature and culture in a new light. documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"Terrace House: Opening New Doors","tags":"  You, Reina Triendl, Yoshimi Tokui, Azusa Babazono, Ryota Yamasato, Shono Hayama A group of young people \u2013 including a chef, a snowboarder and an ice hockey player \u2013 gather in the Karuizawa woods while pursuing their dreams. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The A List","tags":"  Lisa Ambalavanar, Ellie Duckles, Savannah Baker, Cian Barry, Eleanor Bennett, Jacob Dudman, Rosie Dwyer, Jack Kane, Max Lohan, Nneka Okoye, Micheal Ward, Georgina Sadler, Indianna Ryan Romance, rivalry and radical mystery collide as a group of teens attend a remote island sleepaway camp in this suspenseful, supernatural drama. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The New Legends of Monkey","tags":"  Chai Hansen, Luciane Buchanan, Josh Thomson, Emilie Cocquerel, Josh McKenzie, Jordan Mooney, Jarred Blakiston A valiant girl liberates the Monkey King \u2013 a god long trapped in stone \u2013 in a quest to find seven sacred scrolls and save the world from evil. family,action,fantasyfamily,action,fantasy"},{"title":"The Worst Witch","tags":"  Bella Ramsey, Clare Higgins, Meibh Campbell, Raquel Cassidy, Jenny Richardson, Miriam Petche, Tallulah Milligan, Wendy Craig, Shauna Shim After stumbling into a school for witches, a bumbling heroine comes to realize that she just might belong there. Based on Jill Murphy's beloved books. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Truckbhar Swapna","tags":" Pramod Pawar Makrand Deshpande, Kranti Redkar, Mukesh Rishi, Manoj Joshi, Smita Tambe, Aaditi Pohankar, Sahil Gilbile, Jyoti Joshi A taxi driver living in a Mumbai slum seeks to better his family's life by building an extension of his home while dealing with a lecherous contractor. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ujala","tags":" Naresh Saigal Mala Sinha, Shammi Kapoor, Raaj Kumar, Leela Chitnis, Dhumal, Kumkum An honest man dreams of a better life for his family, but a childhood friend leads him into a world of crime that keeps happiness just out of reach. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Undercover","tags":"  Tom Waes, Anna Drijver, Frank Lammers, Elise Schaap, Raymond Thiry, Kris Cuppens, Kevin Janssens, Huub Smit Undercover agents infiltrate a drug kingpin's operation by posing as a couple at the campground where he spends his weekends. Inspired by real events. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"Workin' Moms","tags":"  Catherine Reitman, Dani Kind, Juno Rinaldi, Jessalyn Wanlim, Philip Sternberg, Ryan Belleville, Olunike Adeliyi, Dennis Andres, Katherine Barrell, Sarah McVie, Peter Keleghan Maternity leave is over and it's time for these four moms to return to work while navigating kids, bosses, love and life in modern-day Toronto. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"YooHoo to the Rescue","tags":"  Kira Buckland, Ryan Bartley, Bryce Papenbrook, Cassandra Morris, Lucien Dodge, Kyle Hebert In a series of magical missions, quick-witted YooHoo and his can-do crew travel the globe to help animals in need. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"We the People","tags":"  H.E.R., Adam Lambert, Cordae, Kristen Anderson-Lopez, Daveed Diggs, Brittany Howard, Robert Lopez, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Brandi Carlile, Kyle Harvey, Bebe Rexha, Andra Day, Janelle Mon\u00e1e, Amanda Gorman Learn the basics of rights and citizenship with upbeat songs by popular artists like Janelle Mon\u00e1e, H.E.R., Adam Lambert, Brandi Carlile and more. familyfamily"},{"title":"Grey's Anatomy","tags":"  Ellen Pompeo, Sandra Oh, Katherine Heigl, Justin Chambers, Patrick Dempsey, Chandra Wilson, T.R. Knight, James Pickens Jr., Isaiah Washington, Sara Ramirez, Eric Dane, Chyler Leigh, Kate Walsh, Kevin McKidd, Jessica Capshaw Intern (and eventual resident) Meredith Grey finds herself caught up in personal and professional passions with fellow doctors at a Seattle hospital. romance,dramaromance,drama"},{"title":"Haseen Dillruba","tags":" Vinil Mathew Taapsee Pannu, Vikrant Massey, Harshvardhan Rane, Aditya Srivastava, Ashish Verma, Yamini Das, Daya Shankar Pandey Under investigation as a suspect in her husband\u2019s murder, a wife reveals details of their thorny marriage that seem to only further blur the truth. foregin,romance,suspenseforegin,romance,suspense"},{"title":"Mortel","tags":"  Carl Malapa, Nemo Schiffman, Manon Bresch, Corentin Fila, Ana\u00efs Thomas, Firmine Richard, Rapha\u00eblle Agogu\u00e9, Marvin Dubart, L\u00e9a L\u00e9viant, Assa Sylla, St\u00e9phane Brel After making a deal with a supernatural figure, two high schoolers emerge with extraordinary powers and join forces to solve a murder. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"RattleSnake - The Ahanna Story","tags":" Ramsey Nouah Stan Nze, Osas Ighodaro, Bucci Franklin, Odera Adimorah, Efa Iwara, Emeka Nwagbaraocha, Elma Mbadiwe, Norbert Young, Brutus Richard, Chinyere Wilfred, Sonny McDon, Chiwetalu Agu In this stylish remake, a disillusioned mastermind assembles a team to pull off a series of spectacular heists \u2014 but his crimes make too many enemies. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Snowpiercer","tags":" Bong Joon Ho Chris Evans, Song Kang-ho, Ed Harris, John Hurt, Tilda Swinton, Jamie Bell, Octavia Spencer, Ewen Bremner, Alison Pill, Adnan Haskovic, Vlad Ivanov, Ko A-sung, Luke Pasqualino The Earth's remaining inhabitants are confined to a single train circling the globe as revolution brews among the class-divided cars. action,classic,foreginaction,classic,foregin"},{"title":"The 8th Night","tags":" Kim Tae-hyung Lee Sung-min, Park Hae-joon, Kim You-jung, Nam Da-reum, Choi Jin-ho, Kim Dong-yeong, Lee Eal With prayer beads in one hand and an ax in the other, a monk hunts down a millennia-old spirit that's possessing humans and unleashing hell on Earth. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Winchester","tags":" Michael Spierig, Peter Spierig Helen Mirren, Jason Clarke, Sarah Snook, Angus Sampson, Finn Scicluna-O'Prey, Laura Brent, Tyler Coppin, Eamon Farren, Bruce Spence The heiress to a vast firearms fortune constructs a mansion with a maze-like interior to ward off the spirits of those killed by her family's product. suspense,fantasysuspense,fantasy"},{"title":"6 Bullets","tags":" Ernie Barbarash Jean-Claude Van Damme, Joe Flanigan, Anna-Louise Plowman, Charlotte Beaumont, Steve Nicolson, Uriel Emil, Louis Dempsey, Mark Lewis, Kristopher Van Varenberg, Bianca Brigitte VanDamme A former mercenary is lured back into the dangerous business of finding missing children when the daughter of a mixed martial arts champ is kidnapped. actionaction"},{"title":"Air Force One","tags":" Wolfgang Petersen Harrison Ford, Gary Oldman, Glenn Close, Wendy Crewson, Paul Guilfoyle, William H. Macy, Liesel Matthews, Dean Stockwell, Xander Berkeley, Bill Smitrovich, Elya Baskin, David Vadim, Tom Everett, Spencer Garrett, Philip Baker Hall When terrorists hijack Air Force One with the president and his family on board, the commander-in-chief takes matters into his own well-trained hands. actionaction"},{"title":"Austin Powers in Goldmember","tags":" Jay Roach Mike Myers, Beyonc\u00e9 Knowles-Carter, Seth Green, Michael York, Robert Wagner, Mindy Sterling, Verne Troyer, Michael Caine, Fred Savage The world's most shagadelic spy continues his fight against the diabolical Dr. Evil, who's teamed with a new foe: 1970s villain Goldmember. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery","tags":" Jay Roach Mike Myers, Elizabeth Hurley, Michael York, Mimi Rogers, Robert Wagner, Seth Green, Fabiana Udenio, Mindy Sterling, Paul Dillon, Charles Napier, Will Ferrell A swingin' fashion photographer by day and a groovy British secret agent by night, superspy Austin Powers must foil the sinister schemes of Dr. Evil. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me","tags":" Jay Roach Mike Myers, Heather Graham, Michael York, Robert Wagner, Rob Lowe, Seth Green, Mindy Sterling, Verne Troyer, Elizabeth Hurley, Will Ferrell When diabolical genius Dr. Evil travels back in time to steal superspy Austin Powers's \"mojo,\" Austin must return to the swingin' '60s himself. action,comedy,fantasyaction,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Boogie Nights","tags":" Paul Thomas Anderson Mark Wahlberg, Burt Reynolds, Julianne Moore, Heather Graham, William H. Macy, Don Cheadle, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Luis Guzm\u00e1n, John C. Reilly, Philip Baker Hall A well-endowed busboy is taken in by a tight-knit group of 1970s porn actors and transforms himself into skin flick celebrity Dirk Diggler. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bureau of Magical Things","tags":"  Kimie Tsukakoshi, Elizabeth Cullen, Mia Milnes, Julian Cullen, Rainbow Wedell, Jamie Carter, Christopher Sommers When a teen accidentally discovers an enchanted realm, she becomes the only one able to unite the human and magical worlds \u2013 and save both from evil. foregin,family,suspenseforegin,family,suspense"},{"title":"Charlie's Angels","tags":" McG Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore, Lucy Liu, Bill Murray, Sam Rockwell, Kelly Lynch, Tim Curry, Crispin Glover, Matt LeBlanc, LL Cool J, Tom Green, Luke Wilson A tight-knit trio of specially trained agents wield weapons \u2014 and charm \u2014 as they track down stolen software in this reboot of the classic TV series. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Congo","tags":" Frank Marshall Dylan Walsh, Laura Linney, Ernie Hudson, Tim Curry, Joe Don Baker, Grant Heslov, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Mary Ellen Trainor Eight people, some with ulterior motives, go on an expedition to the Congo, where they find a lost city protected by killer apes. action,suspenseaction,suspense"},{"title":"Dennis the Menace","tags":" Nick Castle Walter Matthau, Mason Gamble, Joan Plowright, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Robert Stanton, Paul Winfield The bane of George's life is a little boy named Dennis. But when a cunning thief attempts to rob George, Dennis may be the only one who can stop him. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Dreamy Eyes","tags":" Victor Vu Tran Nghia, Truc Anh, Tran Phong, Khanh Van, Nguyen Lam Thao Tam, Hung Vo, Pham Dinh Thai Ngan, Lam Bao Danh, Nguyen Ngoc Huyen Dieu, Truong Hoang Hanh Thy, Mona Bao Tien, Mai Cat Vi Through heartbreak and betrayal, Ngan's unrequited love for his childhood best friend H\u00e0 La endures for a generation in this sweeping romance. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Hampstead","tags":" Joel Hopkins Diane Keaton, Brendan Gleeson, Lesley Manville, Jason Watkins, James Norton, Phil Davis An American widow in London forms an unexpected relationship with a man living off the grid in a beautiful park ripe for development. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kung Fu Panda","tags":" John Stevenson, Mark Osborne Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman, Angelina Jolie, Ian McShane, Seth Rogen, Lucy Liu, Jackie Chan, David Cross, Randall Duk Kim, James Hong When a powerful villain comes after peace in his valley, a lazy panda rises to the challenge to realize his destiny and become a kung fu warrior. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Kung Fu Panda 2","tags":" Jennifer Yuh Nelson Jack Black, Angelina Jolie, Dustin Hoffman, Gary Oldman, Seth Rogen, Lucy Liu, Jackie Chan, David Cross, James Hong, Michelle Yeoh With his fists up and belly full, Po embarks on a perilous journey with the Furious Five to take on a frightful new enemy and save the art of kung fu. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Life as We Know It","tags":" Greg Berlanti Katherine Heigl, Josh Duhamel, Josh Lucas, Alexis Clagett, Brynn Clagett, Brooke Clagett, Hayes MacArthur, Christina Hendricks, Sarah Burns, Jessica St. Clair Holly and Eric discover reciprocal hatred during their first date, but must put their feelings aside after becoming guardians of their friends' baby. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Mary Magdalene","tags":" Garth Davis Rooney Mara, Joaquin Phoenix, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Tahar Rahim, Ariane Labed, Denis M\u00e9nochet, Lubna Azabal, Tch\u00e9ky Karyo, Charles Babalola, Tawfeek Barhom, Ryan Corr, Uri Gavriel, Shira Haas, Tsahi Halevi, Michael Moshonov A woman with healing powers abandons her village life to become a devout disciple of Jesus, the founder of Christianity. drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Memoirs of a Geisha","tags":" Rob Marshall Zhang Ziyi, Ken Watanabe, Koji Yakusho, Michelle Yeoh, Kaori Momoi, Youki Kudoh, Gong Li, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Mako Iwamatsu, Navia Nguyen, Karl Yune Sold to a geisha house as a child, a fisherman\u2019s daughter becomes the most sought-after geisha in Kyoto, but rivalries threaten the destiny she desires. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Midnight Run","tags":" Martin Brest Robert De Niro, Charles Grodin, Yaphet Kotto, John Ashton, Dennis Farina, Joe Pantoliano, Richard Foronjy, Robert Miranda, Jack Kehoe, Wendy Phillips, Philip Baker Hall A cop-turned-bounty hunter runs into trouble as he races from New York to Los Angeles with a fugitive accountant who embezzled millions from the mob. action,classic,comedyaction,classic,comedy"},{"title":"Mortal Kombat","tags":" Paul W.S. Anderson Christophe Lambert, Robin Shou, Linden Ashby, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Bridgette Wilson-Sampras, Talisa Soto, Trevor Goddard, Chris Casamassa, Fran\u00e7ois Petit, Keith Cooke Three fighters travel to the mystical realm of Outworld to test their might in a tournament against an evil demon with plans to take over the world. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Mother's Day","tags":" Garry Marshall Jennifer Aniston, Kate Hudson, Julia Roberts, Jason Sudeikis, Britt Robertson, Timothy Olyphant, Margo Martindale, Shay Mitchell, Jack Whitehall, Hector Elizondo, Jon Lovitz, Larry Miller, Cameron Esposito, Aasif Mandvi, Jennifer Garner, Sarah Chalke The trials and tribulations of several Atlanta moms (and one clueless widower dad) make it a Mother's Day to remember in this ensemble comedy. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"No Strings Attached","tags":" Ivan Reitman Natalie Portman, Ashton Kutcher, Kevin Kline, Cary Elwes, Greta Gerwig, Lake Bell, Olivia Thirlby, Ludacris, Jake Johnson, Mindy Kaling, Talia Balsam \"Friends with benefits\" Emma and Adam are fine with their open relationship ... until those pesky little things called feelings enter the picture. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Not Another Teen Movie","tags":" Joel Gallen Chyler Leigh, Chris Evans, Jaime Pressly, Eric Christian Olsen, Mia Kirshner, Deon Richmond, Eric Jungmann, Ron Lester, Cody McMains, Sam Huntington, Lacey Chabert, JoAnna Garcia Swisher, Samm Levine, Cerina Vincent On a bet, a gridiron hero at John Hughes High School sets out to turn a bespectacled artist into a prom queen in this outrageous parody. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ophelia","tags":" Claire McCarthy Daisy Ridley, Naomi Watts, Clive Owen, George MacKay, Tom Felton, Devon Terrell, Dominic Mafham, Daisy Head In this retelling of \u201cHamlet\u201d from Ophelia\u2019s point of view, the lady-in-waiting\u2019s shared love with Denmark\u2019s prince is ruined by treachery and madness. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Rainbow Rangers","tags":"  Penelope Rawlins, Juliette Crosbie, Zehra Naqvi, Phillipa Alexander, Aileen Mythen When Earth's animals and natural wonders need a rescue, the Rainbow Rangers combine their colorful powers to protect the planet and save the day! familyfamily"},{"title":"Red Joan","tags":" Trevor Nunn Judi Dench, Sophie Cookson, Nina Sosanya, Tom Hughes, Tereza Srbov\u00e1, Stephen Campbell Moore, Ben Miles, Freddie Gaminara, Robin Soans, Kevin Fuller When an unassuming elderly widow is arrested for treason, her tangled secret past as the KGB's longest-serving British spy is exposed. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Seven Pounds","tags":" Gabriele Muccino Will Smith, Rosario Dawson, Woody Harrelson, Michael Ealy, Barry Pepper, Elpidia Carrillo, Robinne Lee, Joe Nunez, Bill Smitrovich, Tim Kelleher, Gina Hecht, Andy Milder, Judyann Elder, Sarah Jane Morris Weighed down by a dark secret, IRS agent Ben Thomas tries to improve the lives of seven strangers in need of a second chance. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"She's Out of My League","tags":" Jim Field Smith Jay Baruchel, Alice Eve, T.J. Miller, Mike Vogel, Nate Torrence, Krysten Ritter, Geoff Stults, Lindsay Sloane, Andrew Daly, Jasika Nicole, Kyle Bornheimer Kirk's a 5. His new girlfriend Molly's a 10. No one knows what she sees in him, including Kirk. Will his raging insecurities ruin this budding romance? comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Snow Day","tags":" Chris Koch Chris Elliott, Mark Webber, Jean Smart, Schuyler Fisk, Iggy Pop, Pam Grier, John Schneider, Chevy Chase, Zena Grey, Josh Peck When a snow day shuts down the whole town, the Wheeler family cuts loose. Hal makes a play for the most popular girl in his school, 10-year-old Natalie takes on the dreaded snowplow man, and Dad gets into a showdown with a rival meteorologist. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Star Trek","tags":" J.J. Abrams Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Karl Urban, Zoe Saldana, Simon Pegg, John Cho, Anton Yelchin, Eric Bana, Leonard Nimoy, Bruce Greenwood, Ben Cross, Winona Ryder On their first voyage aboard the starship Enterprise, cocky rebel James T. Kirk and logic-driven Vulcan Spock try to defeat a vengeful Romulan commander. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Stuart Little","tags":" Rob Minkoff Michael J. Fox, Jonathan Lipnicki, Geena Davis, Hugh Laurie, Nathan Lane When his parents adopt a mouse instead of a little boy, George realizes brothers come in all shapes and sizes. But Snowbell the cat is not so welcoming. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Sword of Trust","tags":" Lynn Shelton Marc Maron, Jon Bass, Michaela Watkins, Jillian Bell, Toby Huss, Dan Bakkedahl, Lynn Shelton, Whitmer Thomas An offbeat foursome takes a wild journey through the Southern belt of denial to sell a relic purporting to prove the South won the Civil War. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby","tags":" Adam McKay Will Ferrell, John C. Reilly, Sacha Baron Cohen, Gary Cole, Michael Clarke Duncan, Leslie Bibb, Jane Lynch, Amy Adams, Andy Richter, Molly Shannon NASCAR superstar Ricky Bobby believes he's the best there is, until the arrival of a French Formula One champion threatens his position as top dog. action,comedy,sportsaction,comedy,sports"},{"title":"The American","tags":" Anton Corbijn George Clooney, Violante Placido, Thekla Reuten, Paolo Bonacelli, Johan Leysen, Irina Bj\u00f6rklund, Filippo Timi, Anna Foglietta, Bj\u00f6rn Granath Dispatched to a small Italian town to await further orders, assassin Jack embarks on a double life that may be more relaxing than is good for him. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Best of Enemies","tags":" Robin Bissell Taraji P. Henson, Sam Rockwell, Babou Ceesay, Anne Heche, Wes Bentley, Nick Searcy, Bruce McGill, John Gallagher Jr., Nicholas Logan, Gilbert Glenn Brown In 1971, a summit on school integration in North Carolina pits a civil rights activist against a Ku Klux Klan leader, sparking an unlikely friendship. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Game","tags":" David Fincher Michael Douglas, Sean Penn, Deborah Kara Unger, James Rebhorn, Peter Donat, Carroll Baker, Anna Katarina, Armin Mueller-Stahl An aloof investment banker's life spirals into peril and paranoia after his brother gives him an odd birthday gift: the chance to play a mysterious game. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Karate Kid","tags":" John G. Avildsen Ralph Macchio, Pat Morita, Elisabeth Shue, Martin Kove, Randee Heller, William Zabka, Ron Thomas, Rob Garrison When a bullied teen befriends an unassuming martial arts master, he\u2019ll learn life lessons \u2014 and the right moves \u2014 to beat back his merciless rivals. action,family,classicaction,family,classic"},{"title":"The Karate Kid Part II","tags":" John G. Avildsen Ralph Macchio, Pat Morita, Nobu McCarthy, Tamlyn Tomita, Yuji Okumoto, Joey Miyashima, Marc Hayashi, Danny Kamekona, Tony O'Dell, Martin Kove, William Zabka Daniel and his martial-arts mentor, Mr. Miyagi, visit Okinawa where they battle a hostile new nemesis and a former foe looking to settle an old score. action,family,dramaaction,family,drama"},{"title":"The Karate Kid Part III","tags":" John G. Avildsen Ralph Macchio, Pat Morita, Robyn Lively, Thomas Ian Griffith, Martin Kove, Sean Kanan, Jonathan Avildsen, Randee Heller, William Christopher Ford A returning adversary threatens the bond between karate champ Daniel and mentor Mr. Miyagi with an intricate plan for revenge and a brutal challenger. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"The Life of David Gale","tags":" Alan Parker Kevin Spacey, Kate Winslet, Laura Linney, Gabriel Mann, Leon Rippy, Matt Craven, Rhona Mitra, Melissa McCarthy, Jim Beaver, Chris Warner When a Texas professor and advocate for the elimination of the death penalty is falsely accused of a crime, he ends up on death row himself. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Long Riders","tags":" Walter Hill David Carradine, Keith Carradine, Robert Carradine, James Keach, Stacy Keach, Dennis Quaid, Randy Quaid, Kevin Brophy, Harry Carey Jr., Christopher Guest, Nicholas Guest, Shelby Leverington, Felice Orlandi, Pamela Reed, James Remar, Fran Ryan, Savannah Smith Boucher, Amy Stryker, James Whitmore Jr. This Western chronicles the misadventures and demise of the James-Younger gang, 19th-century outlaws who tore through Missouri on a crime spree. actionaction"},{"title":"The Queen","tags":" Stephen Frears Helen Mirren, Michael Sheen, James Cromwell, Helen McCrory, Alex Jennings, Roger Allam, Sylvia Syms, Mark Bazeley After Princess Diana's death, Queen Elizabeth II and Tony Blair face public demands that she be memorialized in a manner beyond standard protocol. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Strangers","tags":" Bryan Bertino Liv Tyler, Scott Speedman, Gemma Ward, Kip Weeks, Laura Margolis, Glenn Howerton, Alex Fisher, Peter Clayton-Luce A quiet stay at a remote vacation home spirals into terror for a couple when they come under attack by three masked, mysterious, murderous intruders. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Sum of All Fears","tags":" Phil Alden Robinson Ben Affleck, Morgan Freeman, Bridget Moynahan, James Cromwell, Liev Schreiber, Michael Byrne, Colm Feore, Alan Bates, Ron Rifkin, Ciar\u00e1n Hinds, Bruce McGill, Richard Marner, Philip Baker Hall CIA agent Jack Ryan tries to discover why three missing Russian nuclear scientists are holed up in the Ukraine, communicating with neo-Nazis. actionaction"},{"title":"The Tourist","tags":" Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck Angelina Jolie, Johnny Depp, Paul Bettany, Timothy Dalton, Steven Berkoff, Rufus Sewell, Christian De Sica, Alessio Boni, Daniele Pecci, Giovanni Guidelli An American tourist seeking solace for his shattered heart instead finds it in danger again after encountering a beautiful Interpol agent. action,romanceaction,romance"},{"title":"Underworld","tags":" Len Wiseman Kate Beckinsale, Scott Speedman, Michael Sheen, Shane Brolly, Bill Nighy, Erwin Leder, Sophia Myles, Robbie Gee, Wentworth Miller, Kevin Grevioux A vampire warrior begins to question her mission in the ancient war between the undead and werewolves when she falls for a human under her protection. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Underworld: Awakening","tags":" M\u00e5ns M\u00e5rlind, Bj\u00f6rn Stein Kate Beckinsale, Stephen Rea, Michael Ealy, Theo James, India Eisley, Sandrine Holt, Charles Dance, Kris Holden-Ried, Jacob Blair, Adam Greydon Reid As the war between vampires and Lycans rages on, Selene awakens from a prolonged, forced cryogenic sleep to face a harrowing new enemy: humans. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Underworld: Rise of the Lycans","tags":" Patrick Tatopoulos Michael Sheen, Bill Nighy, Rhona Mitra, Steven Mackintosh, Kevin Grevioux, David Aston, Geraldine Brophy, Leighton Cardno, Alex Carroll, Elizabeth Hawthorne, Jason Hood Set in the year 1402, this prequel follows Lucian, the first werewolf to take human form, and chronicles the feud between the vampires and the Lycans. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Voiceless","tags":" Robert O. Peters Uzee Usman, Yakubu Mohammed, Asabe Madaki, Sani Mu\u2019azu, Rekiya Ibrahim Atta, Adam Garba, Abba Ali Zaky, Habiba Zock-Sock, Abdul\u2019 Usman Zada, Nadia Dutch, Abubakar Maina, Healing Marcus Udor, Jamila Ibrahim A bright and promising young girl gets abducted and taken to a terrorist camp, where she unexpectedly crosses paths with her soulmate. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"What Dreams May Come","tags":" Vincent Ward Robin Williams, Cuba Gooding Jr., Annabella Sciorra, Max von Sydow, Jessica Brooks Grant, Josh Paddock, Rosalind Chao, Lucinda Jenney, Maggie McCarthy, Wilma Bonet, Matt Salinger, Carin Sprague, June Carryl, Paul P. Card IV, Werner Herzog A physician finds himself in heaven after an accident, inhabiting the landscape of his wife's paintings while seeking to rescue her from the underworld. drama,romance,fantasydrama,romance,fantasy"},{"title":"Why Do Fools Fall in Love","tags":" Gregory Nava Halle Berry, Vivica A. Fox, Larenz Tate, Lela Rochon, Little Richard, Paul Mazursky, Pamela Reed, Alexis Cruz In this rock 'n' roll comedy-drama, three women go to court over royalties from the one-hit-wonder singer they all loved \u2014 and whom they all married. drama,music,romancedrama,music,romance"},{"title":"Young Royals","tags":"  Edvin Ryding, Omar Rudberg, Malte G\u00e5rdinger, Frida Argento, Nikita Uggla, Pernilla August Prince Wilhelm adjusts to life at his prestigious new boarding school, Hillerska, but following his heart proves more challenging than anticipated. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"America: The Motion Picture","tags":" Matt Thompson Channing Tatum, Jason Mantzoukas, Olivia Munn, Andy Samberg, Bobby Moynihan, Judy Greer, Will Forte, Raoul Trujillo, Killer Mike, Simon Pegg A chainsaw-wielding George Washington teams with beer-loving bro Sam Adams to take down the Brits in a tongue-in-cheek riff on the American Revolution. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Droppin' Cash: Los Angeles","tags":"   This Complex series follows the paper trail of musicians and athletes in Los Angeles as they blow through stacks on the finer things in life. showshow"},{"title":"Lying and Stealing","tags":" Matt Aselton Theo James, Emily Ratajkowski, Fred Melamed, Ebon Moss-Bachrach, Isiah Whitlock Jr., Evan Handler, Paul Jurewicz, John Gatins, Fernanda Andrade, Bob Stephenson A talented thief teams up with an aspiring actress to steal art from LA's high rollers. For their last heist, they're going for the ultimate: freedom. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Somos.","tags":"  Mercedes Hern\u00e1ndez, Jes\u00fas Sida, Jero Medina, Armando Silva, Jimena Pagaza, Antonio L\u00f3pez Torres, Everardo Arzate, Arel\u00ed Gonz\u00e1lez, Jes\u00fas Herrera, Ulises Soto, Iliana Donatl\u00e1n, Fernando Larra\u00f1aga, Mario Alberto Qui\u00f1ones, Alejandro Ruiz, Natalia Mart\u00ednez, Josu\u00e9 Guerra, Salvador Montenegro, Caraly S\u00e1nchez, Clementina Guadarrama The lives of the people of Allende, a Mexican border town, are overtaken by a powerful cartel's operations, leading to tragedy. Inspired by true events. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Daily Life of the Immortal King","tags":"  Sun Lulu, Qian Chen, Gu Jiangshan Having vanquished a powerful demon at age six, precocious wizard Wang Ling must now navigate high school life as an ordinary teen. anime,foregin,showanime,foregin,show"},{"title":"StarBeam","tags":"  Nahanni Mitchell, Dean Petriw, Terry Klassen, Sam Vincent, Rhona Rees, Diana Kaarina When colorful villains come out to play, 8-year-old Zoey has the power to transform into StarBeam, a kid-sized superhero. She saves the day, every day! familyfamily"},{"title":"Killing Them Softly","tags":" Andrew Dominik Brad Pitt, Scoot McNairy, Ben Mendelsohn, Richard Jenkins, James Gandolfini, Ray Liotta, Vincent Curatola, Slaine, Max Casella, Trevor Long, Sam Shepard When a couple of low-level crooks rob a Mob-protected poker game, a slick enforcer is hired to track down the offenders and take care of business. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Seven Deadly Sins","tags":"  Yuki Kaji, Sora Amamiya, Misaki Kuno, Aoi Yuki, Tatsuhisa Suzuki, Jun Fukuyama, Mamoru Miyano, Maaya Sakamoto When a kingdom is taken over by tyrants, the deposed princess begins a quest to find a disbanded group of evil knights to help take back her realm. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Wonder Boy","tags":" Anissa Bonnefont Olivier Rousteing This revealing documentary follows Balmain creative director Olivier Rousteing as he brings his bold designs to life and goes in search of his origins. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Here Comes the Rain","tags":" Bahij Hojeij Hassan Mrad, Julia Kassar, Carmen Lebbos, Diamand Bou Abboud, Elie Mitri, Bernadette Hodeib, Aida Sabra, Gabriel Yammine, Ali Matar, Ra\u00efa Haidar Abducted during the Lebanese Civil War and now in his 50s, Ramez is finally a free man. But he returns to society deeply traumatized by the past. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Ice Road","tags":" Jonathan Hensleigh Liam Neeson, Benjamin Walker, Amber Midthunder, Marcus Thomas, Laurence Fishburne, Holt McCallany, Martin Sensmeier, Matt McCoy, Matt Salinger To save a team of miners trapped underground, a down-on-his-luck ice road trucker joins a mission across treacherous terrain to deliver rescue equipment. actionaction"},{"title":"Sex\/Life","tags":"  Sarah Shahi, Mike Vogel, Adam Demos, Margaret Odette A woman's daring sexual past collides with her married-with-kids present when the bad-boy ex she can't stop fantasizing about crashes back into her life. romance,dramaromance,drama"},{"title":"The Naked Director","tags":"  Takayuki Yamada, Shinnosuke Mitsushima, Tetsuji Tamayama, Misato Morita, Tokio Emoto, Sairi Ito, Ami Tomite, Takenori Goto, Koyuki, Lily Franky, Jun Kunimura, Ryo Ishibashi, Kotaro Yoshida, Itsuji Itao, Kimiko Yo In 1980s Japan, one determined man turned every crushing setback into opportunity. His name was Toru Muranishi, and he revolutionized his industry. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The Seventh Day","tags":" Justin P. Lange Guy Pearce, Vadhir Derbez, Stephen Lang, Brady Jenness, Chris Galust, Robin Bartlett, Heath Freeman, Keith David An inexperienced priest teams up with a hardened exorcist to stop the demonic possession of a young boy. But darkness lies where they least expect it. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Too Hot to Handle","tags":"  Desiree Burch On the shores of paradise, gorgeous singles meet and mingle. But there\u2019s a twist. To win a $100,000 grand prize, they\u2019ll have to give up sex. show,romanceshow,romance"},{"title":"O Vendedor de Sonhos","tags":" Jayme Monjardim C\u00e9sar Troncoso, Dan Stulbach, Thiago Mendon\u00e7a, Leonardo Medeiros A disillusioned psychologist tries to commit suicide until he strikes up a friendship with an unlikely savior who teaches him a new way of living. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Osuofia in London","tags":" Kingsley Ogoro Nkem Owoh, Mara Derwent, Francis Odega, Cynthia Okereke, Tom Njemanze, Romanus Amuta, Sabina Mole, Blessing Onolleka, Oluchi Agunwa, Chiwendu Onaga, Patricia Ezeani, Stephen Ahanonu A villager in Nigeria becomes the sole beneficiary of his late brother's estate in England, which, according to custom, includes his brother's fianc\u00e9e. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"#Selfie","tags":" Cristina Jacob Flavia Hojda, Crina Semciuc, Olimpia Melinte, Sali Levent, Vlad Logigan, Alex C\u0103lin, Alina Chivulescu, R\u0103zvan Vasilescu Two days before their final exams, three teen girls make a seaside getaway to have the time of their lives. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"#Selfie 69","tags":" Cristina Jacob Maia Morgenstern, Olimpia Melinte, Crina Semciuc, Flavia Hojda, Maria Dinulescu, Alex C\u0103lin, Vlad Logigan, Sali Levent, Silvia Busuioc, Mihaela Mihut After a painful breakup, a trio of party-loving friends makes a bet: who can get married in three days. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Love Is a Story","tags":" Cristina Jacob Raluca Aprodu, Drago\u0219 Bucur, Ducu Darie Two young artists, a violin player and an actress, fight to achieve their dreams and keep their relationship together during Christmastime. foregin,music,romanceforegin,music,romance"},{"title":"The Mole","tags":"  Anderson Cooper In this competition show, contestants try to earn $1 million for a pot that only one of them will win \u2014 while one player secretly sabotages them. show,action,suspenseshow,action,suspense"},{"title":"Bangkok Love Stories: Innocence","tags":"  Nida Patcharaveerapong, Nicole Theriault, Nattapol Diloknawarit, Tosatid Darnkhuntod, Narupornkamol Chaisang, Pavadee Komchokpaisan, Kawin Manonukul, Ponlawit Ketprapakorn, Rudklao Amratisha, Paramej Noiam, Tachakorn Boonlupyanun, Teera Pratumtree, Nawarat Techarathanaprasert, Naphon Phromsuwan From a teenage parkour enthusiast to a bawdy restaurateur, an eclectic group of characters find romance in Bangkok's glittering Silom district. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Black Lightning","tags":"  Cress Williams, James Remar, Marvin 'Krondon' Jones III, Jill Scott, China Anne McClain, Damon Gupton, Nafessa Williams, Christine Adams School principal and retired superhero Jefferson Pierce leaps back into action as the legendary Black Lightning after a gang threatens his family. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Call My Agent!","tags":"  Camille Cottin, Thibault De Montalembert, Gr\u00e9gory Montel, Liliane Rov\u00e8re, Fanny Sidney, Laure Calamy, Nicolas Maury, St\u00e9fi Celma, Assaad Bouab, Isabelle Adjani, Juliette Binoche, Virginie Efira, Christopher Lambert At a top Paris talent firm, agents scramble to keep their star clients happy \u2013 and their business afloat \u2013 after an unexpected crisis. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Champions","tags":"  Anders Holm, Fortune Feimster, Andy Favreau, J.J. Totah, Mouzam Makkar, Yassir Lester, Robert Costanzo, Ginger Gonzaga, Mindy Kaling Years after getting his girlfriend pregnant, washed-up jock Vince meets his eccentric son Michael and learns about fatherhood, one show tune at a time. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Cleo & Cuquin","tags":" Fernando Moro  Spirited sister-brother duo Cleo and Cuqu\u00edn try on different professions each day to help their other siblings solve problems and enjoy new adventures. familyfamily"},{"title":"Deadwind","tags":"  Pihla Viitala, Lauri Tilkanen, Jani Volanen, Tommi Korpela, Pirjo Lonka, Riku Nieminen, Pamela Tola, Jonna J\u00e4rnefelt, Raimo Gr\u00f6nberg Just months after a tragic loss, detective Sofia Karppi investigates the murder of a woman with ties to a Helsinki construction company. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Glee","tags":"  Lea Michele, Chris Colfer, Jane Lynch, Matthew Morrison, Cory Monteith, Naya Rivera, Kevin McHale, Jenna Ushkowitz, Amber Riley, Mark Salling, Heather Morris, Harry Shum Jr., Jayma Mays, Dianna Agron Amid relationship woes and personal attacks from a wicked cheerleading coach, a teacher fights to turn underdog glee club members into winners. comedy,drama,showcomedy,drama,show"},{"title":"Hap and Leonard","tags":"  James Purefoy, Michael Kenneth Williams, Jimmi Simpson, Bill Sage, Christina Hendricks, Pollyanna McIntosh, Jeff Pope, Neil Sandilands, Henry G. Sanders, Enrique Murciano In late-1980s Texas, two best friends get involved in darkly comic misadventures by hiring themselves out to shady clients for illicit ends. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Locked Up","tags":"  Maggie Civantos, Najwa Nimri, Carlos Hip\u00f3lito, Roberto Enr\u00edquez, Cristina Plazas, Berta V\u00e1zquez, Alba Flores, Inma Cuevas, Mar\u00eda Isabel D\u00edaz, Mar\u00eda Salgueiro, Ramiro Blas, Alberto Velasco, Marta Aledo, Daniel Ortiz, Harlys Becerra, Laura Baena, Jes\u00fas Castej\u00f3n, Ver\u00f3nika Moral Manipulated into embezzling funds for her boyfriend and sentenced to prison, a na\u00efve young woman must quickly learn to survive in a harsh new world. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"No Time for Shame","tags":"  Santiago Artemis Follow Santiago Artemis, a Buenos Aires fashion dynamo, as he makes his dreams come true while grappling with his love life, therapist and clients. foregin,show,foreginforegin,show,foregin"},{"title":"Pose","tags":"  Mj Rodriguez, Billy Porter, Evan Peters, Kate Mara, James Van Der Beek, Dominique Jackson, Angelica Ross, Hailie Sahar, Ryan Jamaal Swain, Indya Moore, Dyllon Burnside In 1987 New York, LGBTQ ball fixture Blanca starts her own house, soon becoming mother to a gifted dancer and a sex worker in love with a yuppie client. dramadrama"},{"title":"REA(L)OVE","tags":"  Atsushi Tamura, Mari Yaguchi A group of men and women, each burdened with a dark secret, look for love in this dating show with a twist. Hosted by reformed playboy Atsushi Tamura. foregin,show,romanceforegin,show,romance"},{"title":"Riverdale","tags":" Rob Seidenglanz K.J. Apa, Lili Reinhart, Camila Mendes, Cole Sprouse, Marisol Nichols, Madelaine Petsch, Ashleigh Murray, M\u00e4dchen Amick, Luke Perry, Casey Cott, Charles Melton, Mark Consuelos, Lochlyn Munro, Peter Bryant, Colin Lawrence, Molly Ringwald, Asha Bromfield, Barclay Hope, Hayley Law, Martin Cummins, Sarah Habel, Nathalie Boltt, Skeet Ulrich While navigating the troubled waters of sex, romance, school and family, teen Archie and his gang become entangled in a dark Riverdale mystery. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Schitt's Creek","tags":"  Eugene Levy, Catherine O'Hara, Daniel Levy, Annie Murphy, Chris Elliott, Jennifer Robertson, Emily Hampshire, Tim Rozon, Sarah Levy, Dustin Milligan Suddenly broke, the formerly filthy-rich Rose family is reduced to living in a ramshackle motel in a town they once bought as a joke: Schitt's Creek. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Assassination of Gianni Versace","tags":"  Edgar Ram\u00edrez, Darren Criss, Ricky Martin, Pen\u00e9lope Cruz Defining moments in Andrew Cunanan's life, starting in childhood, lead up to a 1997 murder spree that kills five, including fashion icon Gianni Versace. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Judgement","tags":"  Lapassalal Jiravechsoontornkul, Nontanun Anchuleepradit, Thanabordee Jaiyen, Pamiga Sooksawee, Pongsathon Laiwrakoran, Nara Thepnupa, Premanan Sripanich, Tanutchai Wijitvongtong, Wasu Sansingkeaw, Arpasiri Nitipon After a traumatic incident at a party makes her a target of gossip and derision, a young college student tries to change her school's toxic culture. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Last Dance","tags":"  Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen, Dennis Rodman This docuseries gives a definitive account of Michael Jordan\u2019s career and the 1990s Chicago Bulls, packed with unaired footage from the 1997-98 season. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"They've Gotta Have Us","tags":" Simon Frederick Debbie Allen, Harry Belafonte, John Boyega, Diahann Carroll, Ernest R. Dickerson, Laurence Fishburne, Nelson George, Whoopi Goldberg, Cuba Gooding Jr., LilRel Howery, Barry Jenkins, Kasi Lemmons, David Oyelowo, Robert Townsend, Jesse Williams Powered by candid recollections from esteemed African-American entertainers, this docuseries traces the history of black cinema. foregin,documentalforegin,documental"},{"title":"Why Are You Like This","tags":"  Naomi Higgins, Olivia Junkeer, Wil King Three best friends negotiate work, fun, identity politics, hookups and wild nights out in this razor-sharp satire of 20-something life in Melbourne. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Elite","tags":"  Danna Paola, Miguel Herr\u00e1n, Mar\u00eda Pedraza, Itzan Escamilla, Miguel Bernardeau, Jaime Lorente, \u00c1lvaro Rico, Ar\u00f3n Piper, Mina El Hammani, Ester Exp\u00f3sito, Omar Ayuso When three working-class teens enroll in an exclusive private school in Spain, the clash between them and the wealthy students leads to murder. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Fatherhood","tags":" Paul Weitz Kevin Hart, Alfre Woodard, Lil Rel Howery, DeWanda Wise, Frankie Faison, Anthony Carrigan, Paul Reiser, Melody Hurd A widowed new dad copes with doubts, fears, heartache and dirty diapers as he sets out to raise his daughter on his own. Inspired by a true story. dramadrama"},{"title":"Hospital Playlist","tags":"  Cho Jung-seok, Yoo Yeon-seok, Jung Kyung-ho, Kim Dae-myeong, Jeon Mi-do, Kim Hae-suk, Kim Kap-soo, Jung Moon-sung Every day is extraordinary for five doctors and their patients inside a hospital, where birth, death and everything in between coexist. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Kambili: The Whole 30 Yards","tags":" Kayode Kasum Nancy Isime, Jide Kene Achufusi, Sharon Ooja, Mawuli Gavor, Venita Akpofure, Koye Kekere Ekun, Elvina Ibru, Uzor Arukwe, Toyin Abraham Determined to marry before she turns 30, a woman tries to change her impulsive ways and do whatever it takes to win back the boyfriend who left her. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Aziza","tags":" Soudade Kaadan Caress Bashar, Abdel Moneim Amayri This short film follows a newly displaced Syrian couple's drive around Beirut, which then morphs into a hallucinatory and nostalgic trip. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Black Summer","tags":"  Jaime King, Justin Chu Cary, Christine Lee, Sal Velez Jr., Kelsey Flower, Erika Hau, Edsson Morales, Gwynyth Walsh, Stafford Perry, Mustafa Alabssi In the dark, early days of a zombie apocalypse, complete strangers band together to find the strength they need to survive and get back to loved ones. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Fan Girl","tags":" Antoinette Jadaone Charlie Dizon, Paulo Avelino An infatuated fan finds an unexpected way to meet her celebrity crush and discovers a dark reality behind the facade of fame and her fantasy world. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Katla","tags":"  Gu\u00f0r\u00fan Eyfj\u00f6r\u00f0, \u00cdris Tanja Flygenring, Aliette Opheim, Ingvar Sigur\u00f0sson, \u00deorsteinn Bachmann, S\u00f3lveig Arnarsd\u00f3ttir, Bj\u00f6rn Thors The catastrophic eruption of subglacial volcano Katla turns a nearby community\u2019s world upside down as mysteries begin to emerge from the ice. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Red Snow","tags":" Marie Clements Asivak Koostachin, Shafin Karim, Mozhdah Jamalzadah, Kane Mahon, Ishaan Vasdev, Samuel Marty, Miika Bryce Whiskeyjack, Tantoo Cardinal Ambushed by the Taliban, a First Nations soldier from Canada gets captured but escapes in a harrowing journey that stirs up memories of love and loss. dramadrama"},{"title":"Silver Linings Playbook","tags":" David O. Russell Bradley Cooper, Jennifer Lawrence, Robert De Niro, Jacki Weaver, Chris Tucker, Anupam Kher, John Ortiz, Shea Whigham, Julia Stiles, Paul Herman A man with bipolar disorder moves home with his parents and makes a connection with a spirited widow, which helps both of them heal in unique ways. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Gift","tags":"  Beren Saat, Mehmet G\u00fcns\u00fcr, Metin Akd\u00fclger, Melisa \u015eenolsun, Ba\u015fak K\u00f6kl\u00fckaya, Civan Canova, Tim Seyfi, Meral \u00c7etinkaya, Hazal T\u00fcresan, Cezmi Bask\u0131n A painter in Istanbul embarks on a personal journey as she unearths universal secrets about an Anatolian archaeological site and its link to her past. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Biking Borders","tags":" Max Jabs Max Jabs, Nono Konopka Best friends Max and Nono bike from Berlin to Beijing, collecting donations to build a school for a unique fundraising adventure in this documentary. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Lowriders","tags":" Ricardo de Montreuil Demi\u00e1n Bichir, Gabriel Chavarria, Theo Rossi, Melissa Benoist, Tony Revolori, Eva Longoria, Yvette Monreal, Cress Williams Caught up in the lowrider world of his father and embittered brother, an East LA graffiti artist grapples with a family feud while chasing his dreams. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Millennials","tags":"  Nicol\u00e1s Riera, Laura Laprida, Juan Manuel Guilera, Johanna Francella, Mat\u00edas Meyer, Noelia Marzol, Luisa Drozdek, Agustina Mindlin, Santiago Talledo, Chang Sung Kim, Osmar Nu\u00f1ez, Fabio Aste A group of millennials copes with the pressures of adulting by tackling a diverse set of problems from unemployment to cheating. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Security","tags":" Peter Chelsom Marco D'Amore, Maya Sansa, Silvio Muccino, Valeria Bilello, Ludovica Martino, Giulio Pranno, Tommaso Ragno, Beatrice Grann\u00f2, Antonio Zavatteri, Anna Della Rosa, Fabrizio Bentivoglio After the assault of a young woman in their seaside town, a security expert and his family get caught in a powerful riptide of secrets and lies. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Avengers Climate Conundrum","tags":"  Giles Panton, Michael Daingerfield, Bill Newton, James Blight, Nicole Oliver, Adrian Petriw, Alex Barima, Rebecca Shoichet When a mysterious force steals Tony Stark\u2019s weather machine to wreak havoc on the world, the Avengers must survive the extreme storms to save the day. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"FTA","tags":" Francine Parker Jane Fonda, Donald Sutherland, Pamela Donegan, Len Chandler, Michael Alaimo, Holly Near, Paul Mooney, Rita Martinson The restored documentary captures the Pacific leg of the 1971 anti-Vietnam War \"Free the Army\" comedy tour and experiences on both sides of the stage. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Life of Crime","tags":" Daniel Schechter Jennifer Aniston, Mos Def, Isla Fisher, Will Forte, Mark Boone Junior, Tim Robbins, John Hawkes, Clea Lewis, Charlie Tahan, Kevin Corrigan After two small-time crooks kidnap and ransom a rich businessman's wife, they discover a flaw in their plan: Her cheating husband doesn't want her back. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Power Rangers Dino Fury","tags":"  Russell Curry, Hunter Deno, Kai Moya, Tessa Rao, Chance Perez, Shavaughn Ruakere, Blair Strang With the prehistoric force of the dinosaurs, a new crew of Power Rangers must deal with a menacing army of alien creatures attacking Earth. familyfamily"},{"title":"Rogue Warfare: Death of a Nation","tags":" Mike Gunther Will Yun Lee, Jermaine Love, Rory Markham, Bertrand-Xavier Corbi, Katie Keene, Fernando Chien, Gina DeCesare, Michael Blalock, Stephen Lang, Chris Mulkey As their leader recovers from trauma, a global team of elite soldiers must regroup and stop the deadly plans of an extremist mastermind within 36 hours. actionaction"},{"title":"Sir! No Sir!","tags":" David Zeiger Troy Garity This documentary chronicles the largely forgotten antiwar activities of American GIs and other members of the military during the Vietnam era. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The American Bible Challenge","tags":" Michael Simon Jeff Foxworthy Join host Jeff Foxworthy as contestants test their knowledge of all things biblical, competing to win money for the charities of their choice. showshow"},{"title":"The Reason I Jump","tags":" Jerry Rothwell  The diverse experiences and emotions of five young people with autism fuel this illuminating documentary based on Naoki Higashida's bestselling memoir. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Metallica: Some Kind of Monster","tags":" Joe Berlinger, Bruce Sinofsky James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, Kirk Hammett, Robert Trujillo This collection includes the acclaimed rock documentary about Metallica, plus a film checking in with the still-thriving group 10 years later. showshow"},{"title":"Picture a Scientist","tags":" Ian Cheney, Sharon Shattuck  In this documentary, leading women scientists discuss the inequalities they've faced as they set out to create a new formula to make STEM open to all. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Devil Below","tags":" Bradley Parker Alicia Sanz, Will Patton, Jonathan Sadowski, Adan Canto, Zach Avery, Chinaza Uche, Jesse LaTourette When a team of researchers tries to find out what started a fire in a coal mine, they quickly discover that the disaster is anything but natural. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Love (ft. Marriage and Divorce)","tags":"  Sung Hoon, Lee Tae-gon, Park Joo-mi, Lee Ga-ryoung, Lee Min-young, Jeon No-min, Jeon Soo-kyeong, Lim Hye-young, Song Ji-in, Moon Sung-ho, Roh Joo-hyun, Kim Ameliia, Kim Eung-soo, Lee Jong-nam, Lee Hyo-chun, Jun Hye-won, Lim Han-bin, Park Seo-kyung, Shin Su-ho, Yun Seo-hyun Everything comes unraveling for three successful women who work on a radio show as twists, turns and troubles plague their seemingly happy marriages. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"LEGO Friends: The Power of Friendship","tags":"  Erica Mendez, Marianne Miller, Rachelle Heger, Millie O'Conner, Alexa Kahn, Doug Stone, Chris Smith, Bryce Papenbrook, Heather Downey, Chris Hackney, Ben Pronsky Five best friends face adventures side by side in their hometown. Zany antics, love and missteps are better with friends! familyfamily"},{"title":"Lupin","tags":"  Omar Sy, Ludivine Sagnier, Clotilde Hesme, Nicole Garcia, Herv\u00e9 Pierre, Soufiane Guerrab, Antoine Gouy, Fargass Assand\u00e9, Vincent Londez, Shirine Boutella Inspired by the adventures of Ars\u00e8ne Lupin, gentleman thief Assane Diop sets out to avenge his father for an injustice inflicted by a wealthy family. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"Sarbath","tags":" Prabhakaran Kathir, Soori, Rahasya Gorak, Ashvatt When a city man returns to his native village for his brother\u2019s wedding, several unforeseen snags make his visit more eventful than anticipated. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Skater Girl","tags":" Manjari Makijany Rachel Saanchita Gupta, Amy Maghera, Shafin Patel, Ambrish Saxena, Swati Das, Jonathan Readwin, Ankit Yadav, Anurag Arora, Vinayak Gupta, Vivek Yadav, Waheeda Rehman When a teen in rural India discovers a life-changing passion for skateboarding, she faces a rough road as she follows her dream to compete. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Trese","tags":" Jay Oliva Shay Mitchell, Liza Soberano, Jon Jon Briones, Darren Criss, Manny Jacinto, Dante Basco, Nicole Scherzinger, Lou Diamond Phillips, Steve Blum In Manila, where dark supernatural forces pervade the criminal underworld, it\u2019s up to Alexandra Trese to keep the peace \u2014 but there\u2019s a storm brewing. anime,action,suspenseanime,action,suspense"},{"title":"Wish Dragon","tags":" Chris Appelhans Jimmy Wong, John Cho, Constance Wu, Will Yun Lee, Bobby Lee, Jimmy O. Yang, Ian Chen Determined teen Din is longing to reconnect with his childhood best friend when he meets a wish-granting dragon who shows him the magic of possibilities. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"A Haunted House 2","tags":" Michael Tiddes Marlon Wayans, Jaime Pressly, Essence Atkins, Affion Crockett, Hayes MacArthur, Rick Overton, Ashley Rickards, Cedric the Entertainer, Dave Sheridan, Missi Pyle, Gabriel Iglesias, Steele Stebbins Grieving after a tragedy, Malcolm tries to start fresh with his new girlfriend and her kids \u2014 but supernatural shenanigans find their way back to him. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"Blind Intersections","tags":" Lara Saba Alaa Hammoud, Ghida Nouri, Carole Hajj, Chadi Haddad, Leila Hakim, Charbel Ziade, Nibal Arakji, Caroline Hatem, Josyane Boulos, Mario Bassil This film follows the societal challenges three strangers in Beirut go through as unexpected events link their fates. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Camellia Sisters","tags":" Bao Nhan, Namcito Le Khanh, Kaity Nguyen, Hong Van, Khuong Le, Hoang Dung, Anh Dung, Si Nguyen, Huyng Kien An Tensions rise and untold secrets surface for three royal sisters when a family treasure is stolen the night before an antique auction. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Copenhagen","tags":" Mark Raso Gethin Anthony, Frederikke Dahl Hansen, Sebastian Armesto, Olivia Grant, Baard Owe, Mille Dinesen, Martin Hestb\u00e6k, Tamzin Merchant Philandering his way across Europe to find the grandfather he's never met, William unexpectedly befriends a 14-year-old who changes how he sees women. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Locombianos","tags":"  Freddy Beltr\u00e1n, Pamela Ospina, Diego Camargo, Catalina Guzm\u00e1n Four of Colombia's funniest and bawdiest comedians perform before a post-quarantine audience hungry for their stories. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Until Midnight","tags":" Tariq Alkazim Ahmad Khamis Ali, Chuka Ekweogwu, Heba Al Hamwi, Rik Aby, Merouane Ali, Khalid Al Suwaidi, Saeed Arjumand After returning home from a work trip, a newlywed must fight off a masked intruder before his wife returns at midnight. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Awake","tags":" Mark Raso Gina Rodriguez, Ariana Greenblatt, Frances Fisher, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Barry Pepper, Shamier Anderson, Finn Jones, Lucius Hoyos, Gil Bellows After a global event wipes out humanity's ability to sleep, a troubled ex-soldier fights to save her family as society and her mind spiral into chaos. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Confusion Na Wa","tags":" Kenneth Gyang Ramsey Nouah, OC Ukeje, Ali Nuhu, Tunde Aladese, Gold Ikponmwosa, Tony Goodman, Nathaniel Deme, Yanchat Sankey, Lisa Pam Tok, Toyin Alabi A misplaced cell phone's incriminating content becomes a prime blackmail opportunity for a pair of petty thieves who soon regret their greedy scheme. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Fresh, Fried & Crispy","tags":"   Passionate about food and ready for fun, critic Daym Drops drops in on America's smokin' hot spots for the best, freshest takes on fried food. showshow"},{"title":"L.A.\u2019s Finest","tags":"  Jessica Alba, Gabrielle Union In this spinoff of the \"Bad Boys\" franchise, two police detectives team up while trying to keep their stormy pasts \u2014 and differences \u2014 from interfering. action,action,comedyaction,action,comedy"},{"title":"Tragic Jungle","tags":" Yulene Olaizola Indira Andrewin, Gilberto Barraza, Gabino Rodr\u00edguez, Eligio Mel\u00e9ndez, Mariano Tun Xool, Dale Carley, Jos\u00e9 Alfredo Gonz\u00e1lez Dzul, Eliseo Mancilla De La Cruz To escape an arranged marriage, a woman flees into the depths of the Mayan jungle, where untamed nature merges the human and the supernatural. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Vampire Academy","tags":" Mark Waters Zoey Deutch, Lucy Fry, Danila Kozlovsky, Gabriel Byrne, Dominic Sherwood, Sarah Hyland, Sami Gayle A half-human, half-vampire teen must prepare for class and her destiny as the protector of mortal vampires against their vicious immortal counterparts. action,comedy,fantasyaction,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Newly Rich, Newly Poor","tags":"  Mart\u00edn Karpan, Carolina Acevedo, Jhon \u00c1lex Toro, Mar\u00eda Cecilia Botero, Andr\u00e9s Toro, Andrea Noceti, Diana Neira, Hugo G\u00f3mez, Isabel Cristina Estrada, Mauricio V\u00e9lez After learning they were switched at birth, wealthy Andr\u00e9s and working-class Brayan must adjust to the families and lifestyles they were meant to have. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"A Private War","tags":" Matthew Heineman Rosamund Pike, Jamie Dornan, Tom Hollander, Stanley Tucci, Nikki Amuka-Bird, Faye Marsay, Greg Wise, Corey Johnson, Raad Rawi, Jesuthasan Antonythasan In this biopic, war correspondent Marie Colvin risks it all to bring back the truth from the frontlines, despite the toll it takes on her own life. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Kitty Love: An Homage to Cats","tags":"  Nicolette Kluijver Famous feline Abatutu presents this charming celebration of cats, showcasing their finest and friskiest moments with a collection of home videos. family,documental,foreginfamily,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Small Chops","tags":" Robert Peters Chika Ike, Max Cavenham, Nkem Owoh, Nse Ikpe-Etim, Toyin Abraham, Eucharia Anunobi, Sophie Alakija, Hafis Ayetoro, Omotunde Adebowale David When a business mogul hires an exotic dancer for a weekend of entertainment, it quickly morphs into a messy situation full of misunderstanding. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Breaking Boundaries: The Science Of Our Planet","tags":" Jonathan Clay David Attenborough, Johan Rockstr\u00f6m David Attenborough and scientist Johan Rockstr\u00f6m examine Earth's biodiversity collapse and how this crisis can still be averted. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Feel Good","tags":" Ally Pankiw Mae Martin, Charlotte Ritchie, Lisa Kudrow, Sophie Thompson, Tom Andrews, Tobi Bamtefa, Phil Burgers, Ophelia Lovibond, Adrian Lukis, Ritu Arya, Ramon Tikaram Stand-up comic Mae Martin navigates a passionate, messy new relationship with her girlfriend, George, while dealing with the challenges of sobriety. romance,comedy,dramaromance,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Sweet & Sour","tags":" Lee Kae-byeok Jang Ki-yong, Chae Soo-bin, Jung Soo-jung Faced with real-world opportunities and challenges, a couple endures the highs and lows of trying to make a long-distance relationship survive. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sweet Tooth","tags":"  Nonso Anozie, Christian Convery, Adeel Akhtar, Stefania LaVie Owen, Dania Ramirez, Aliza Vellani, Will Forte, James Brolin, Neil Sandilands, Mia Artemis On a perilous adventure across a post-apocalyptic world, a lovable boy who's half-human and half-deer searches for a new beginning with a gruff protector. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Trippin' with the Kandasamys","tags":" Jayan Moodley Jailoshini Naidoo, Maeshni Naicker, Madhushan Singh, Mishqah Parthiephal, Koobeshan Naidoo, Yugan Naidoo, Mariam Bassa, Uraysha Ramrachia To rekindle their marriages, best friends-turned-in-laws Shanthi and Jennifer plan a couples' getaway. But it comes with all kinds of surprises. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Xtreme","tags":" Daniel Benmayor Teo Garc\u00eda, \u00d3scar Jaenada, \u00d3scar Casas, Andrea Duro, Sergio Peris-Mencheta, Alberto Jo Lee, Luis Zahera, Andr\u00e9s Herrera, Nao Albet, C\u00e9sar Bandera, Isa Montalb\u00e1n In this fast-paced and action-packed thriller, a retired hitman \u2014 along with his sister and a troubled teen \u2014 takes revenge on his lethal stepbrother. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Alan Salda\u00f1a: Locked Up","tags":" Alex D\u00edaz Alan Salda\u00f1a Mexican comedian Alan Salda\u00f1a is back, poking gentle fun at himself and parceling advice, especially about how to stay married and how to be parents. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Creator's File: GOLD","tags":"  Ryuji Akiyama, Ryusei Yokohama, Yumi Adachi, Ai Tominaga, Mei Nagano, Aki Yashiro, Kyary Pamyu Pamyu, Akira Nakao, Shino Ikenami, Joe Odagiri Comedian Ryuji Akiyama satirizes top \u201ccreators\u201d in Japan with a deadpan, unerring eye for humor, with help from some surprising celebrity guest stars. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Dancing Queens","tags":" Helena Bergstr\u00f6m Molly Nutley, Fredrik Qui\u00f1ones, Marie G\u00f6ranzon, Mattias Nordkvist, Claes Malmberg, Christopher Wollter, Emil Alm\u00e9n, Razmus Nystr\u00f6m, Andr\u00e9 Christenson, Louie Indriana, Max Ulveson A dancer who gets a job cleaning at a struggling drag club dreams of being in the show, and her talent catches an ambitious choreographer's eye. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"From Stress to Happiness","tags":" Alejandro De Grazia, Juan Stadler  A stressed-out documentary filmmaker goes on a journey of discovery with a pair of monks, one of whom is known as \"the happiest man in the world.\" documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Myriam Fares: The Journey","tags":" Myriam Fares Myriam Fares From pregnancy to album preparations, Lebanese singer and \u201cQueen of the Stage\u201d Myriam Fares documents her experiences with her family while in lockdown. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Summertime","tags":"  Coco Rebecca Edogamhe, Ludovico Tersigni, Amanda Campana, Andrea Lattanzi, Giovanni Maini, Alicia Ann Edogamhe, Thony Two young adults from very different backgrounds fall in love during a summer on Italy\u2019s Adriatic Coast. Inspired by Federico Moccia's book series. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"The Girl and the Gun","tags":" Rae Red Janine Gutierrez, Felix Roco, JC Santos, Elijah Canlas, Sky Teotico, Archi Adamos, Allan Paule, Ruby Ruiz, Bie Ruaro, Jess Mendoza Fed up with abuse by those around her, a department store saleswoman finds a weapon in an alleyway and decides to settle scores. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"2 Hearts","tags":" Lance Hool Jacob Elordi, Adan Canto, Radha Mitchell, Tiera Skovbye, Kari Matchett, Tahmoh Penikett In parallel love stories, the lives of college student Chris and wealthy businessman Jorge intersect in a profound twist of fate. Based on a true story. drama,religion,romancedrama,religion,romance"},{"title":"A Perfect Ending","tags":" Nicole Conn Barbara Niven, Jessica Clark, John Heard, Morgan Fairchild, Kerry Knuppe, Imelda Corcoran, Mary Jane Wells, Rebecca Staab, Michael Adam Hamilton, Bryan Jackson, Bryan Mordechai Jackson After confessing an unusual secret, a repressed wife \u2013 prompted by her friends \u2013 decides to explore her sexuality with a high-priced call girl. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"American Outlaws","tags":" Les Mayfield Colin Farrell, Scott Caan, Ali Larter, Gabriel Macht, Gregory Smith, Harris Yulin, Kathy Bates, Timothy Dalton, Ty O'Neal, Will McCormack, Ronny Cox, Terry O'Quinn, Muse Watson, Joe Stevens, Barry Tubb In the wake of the Civil War, Jesse James leads a feisty group of ranchers in a fight against a railroad baron bent on seizing their land at any cost. actionaction"},{"title":"And Then Came Lola","tags":" Ellen Seidler, Megan Siler Ashleigh Sumner, Jill Bennett, Cathy DeBuono, Jessica Graham, Angelyna Martinez, Candy Tolentino, Linda Ignazi, Jenoa Harlow, Lisa Dewey, Kathy Domenici In this lesbian-themed nod to the film Run Lola Run, a photographer races against the clock to make it to an important meeting on time. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Attack on Titan","tags":"  Yuki Kaji, Yui Ishikawa, Marina Inoue, Kisho Taniyama, Yu Shimamura, Yu Kobayashi, Shiori Mikami, Hiro Shimono, Ryota Osaka, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Tomohisa Hashizume, Saki Fujita, Hiroshi Kamiya, Daisuke Ono, Romi Park, Keiji Fujiwara, Kazuhiro Yamaji, Yusaku Yara, Takehito Koyasu With his hometown in ruins, young Eren Yeager becomes determined to fight back against the giant Titans that threaten to destroy the human race. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Battlefield Earth","tags":" Roger Christian John Travolta, Barry Pepper, Forest Whitaker, Kim Coates, Sabine Karsenti, Richard Tyson, Kelly Preston, Michael MacRae, Shaun Austin-Olsen, Tim Post, Michael Byrne In the year 3000, an alien race known as the Psychlos devastate planet Earth and force the surviving human population into slavery. action,classic,fantasyaction,classic,fantasy"},{"title":"Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom","tags":"  Preston Nyman, Sian Taylor, Ian Puleston-Davies, Sara Crowe, Sarah Ann Kennedy, Judy Flynn, John Sparkes, David Graham In the magical Little Kingdom, friends Ben Elf and fairy princess Holly have fun adventures as they learn about teamwork, sharing and problem-solving. familyfamily"},{"title":"Bliss","tags":" Lance Young Craig Sheffer, Sheryl Lee, Terence Stamp, Casey Siemaszko, Spalding Gray, Lois Chiles, Blu Mankuma, Ken Camroux-Taylor, Eli Gabay, Molly Parker Two young newlyweds seek out the help of unlicensed sex therapist Baltazar, who initiates the couple into the mysteries of tantric sex. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Carnaval","tags":" Leandro Neri Giovana Cordeiro, Gkay, Bruna Inocencio, Samya Pascotto, Flavia Pavanelli, Micael Borges, Jean Pedro, Rafael Medrado, Nikolas Antunes, Stella Miranda After a breakup, an influencer takes her friends on a free trip to Bahia's vibrant Carnival, where she learns life's not just about social media likes. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Cloudburst","tags":" Thom Fitzgerald Olympia Dukakis, Ryan Doucette, Brenda Fricker, Kristin Booth, Michael McPhee, John Dunsworth, Jeremy Akerman, Mary-Colin Chisholm, Kevin Kincaid A lesbian couple escapes from their nursing home and heads to Canada to get married. Along the way, they pick up a young male hitchhiker. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Cocomelon","tags":"   Learn letters, numbers, animal sounds and more with J.J. in this edutaining series that brings fun times with nursery rhymes for the whole family! familyfamily"},{"title":"Company of Heroes","tags":" Don Michael Paul Tom Sizemore, Chad Michael Collins, Vinnie Jones, Dimitri Diatchenko, Neal McDonough, J\u00fcrgen Prochnow, Sam Spruell, Richard Sammel, Philip Rham, Alastair Mackenzie During the last major German offensive of World War II, a group of Allied soldiers sets out against all odds to turn the war around. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Cradle 2 the Grave","tags":" Andrzej Bartkowiak Jet Li, DMX, Anthony Anderson, Kelly Hu, Tom Arnold, Mark Dacascos, Gabrielle Union, Michael Jace, Drag-On, Paige Hurd When a jewel thief pulls off a risky diamond heist with his crew, a gang kidnaps his young daughter and steals the loot as a rival agent offers his help. actionaction"},{"title":"Domestic Disturbance","tags":" Harold Becker John Travolta, Vince Vaughn, Teri Polo, Matt O'Leary, Ruben Santiago-Hudson, Susan Floyd, Angelica Page, Steve Buscemi, Chris Ellis A recovering alcoholic is skeptical of his son's claim that his new stepfather is a killer \u2013 but soon begins to sense the boy is telling the truth. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Downton Abbey","tags":"  Hugh Bonneville, Jessica Brown Findlay, Samantha Bond, Laura Carmichael, Jim Carter, Raquel Cassidy, Brendan Coyle, Tom Cullen, Michelle Dockery, Kevin Doyle, Siobhan Finneran, Michael Fox, Joanne Froggatt, Matthew Goode, Harry Hadden-Paton, Thomas Howes, Lily James, Rob James-Collier, Rose Leslie, Phyllis Logan, Elizabeth McGovern, Sophie McShera, Lesley Nicol, Maggie Smith, Penelope Wilton Exposing the snobbery and machinations of a vanishing class system, this series chronicles events in the lives of the Crawley family and their servants. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Dream\/Killer","tags":" Andrew Jenks Bill Ferguson, Ryan Ferguson This riveting crime doc follows Bill as he confronts America's broken judicial system after his son is falsely sentenced to 40 years in prison. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Felon","tags":" Ric Roman Waugh Stephen Dorff, Val Kilmer, Harold Perrineau, Marisol Nichols, Anne Archer, Nick Chinlund, Nate Parker, Johnny Lewis, Sam Shepard, Jake Walker, Joey Villasenor, Antonio Leyba, Mike Seal, Richard Caruso, Kevin Wiggins, Larnell Stovall, Mara Holguin, Elton Walker, Brittany Perrineau, Esodie Geiger, Jermaine Washington, Greg Serano, Brian Keith Gamble, Mark Sivertsen, Carrie Fleming, Adam Taylor, Chris Browning, John Koyama, Shawn Prince, Christopher Dempsey, Cynthia Ruffin After killing a burglar while trying to protect his family, regular guy Wade is convicted of involuntary manslaughter and thrown into prison. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Flipped","tags":" Rob Reiner Madeline Carroll, Callan McAuliffe, Rebecca De Mornay, Anthony Edwards, John Mahoney, Penelope Ann Miller, Aidan Quinn, Kevin Weisman, Morgan Lily, Ryan Ketzner Bryce and Juli first meet as children, with Juli having a crush on Bryce. As they mature, it appears their bond may blossom into something more. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Fools Rush In","tags":" Andy Tennant Matthew Perry, Salma Hayek, Jon Tenney, Carlos G\u00f3mez, Tomas Milian, Siobhan Fallon Hogan, John Bennett Perry, Stanley DeSantis, Suzanne Snyder, Anne Betancourt, Jill Clayburgh When a one-night stand results in a pregnancy, two strangers with opposite personalities rush into marriage then must deal with the consequences. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Gold Statue","tags":" Tade Ogidan Gabriel Afolayan, Kunle Remi, Richard Mofe-Damijo, Sola Sobowale, Kelvin Ikeduba, Kunle Fawole, Norbert Young, Alibaba Akporobome, Segun Arinze, Rycardo Agbor After tracing an artifact to his ancestry, a young man and his friend's search for a gilded statue lands them in a maximum-security prison. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Happy Endings","tags":"  Eliza Coupe, Elisha Cuthbert, Zachary Knighton, Adam Pally, Damon Wayans Jr., Casey Wilson After his fianc\u00e9e, Alex, dumps him at the altar, Dave finds himself nursing a broken heart and battling her for custody of their quirky friends. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Hostel: Part III","tags":" Scott Spiegel Kip Pardue, Brian Hallisay, John Hensley, Sarah Habel, Chris Coy, Skyler Stone, Thomas Kretschmann, Zulay Henao, Nickola Shreli, Derrick Carr In this installment in the popular horror franchise, a bachelor party in Las Vegas turns into a hellish bloodbath for all involved. classic,suspenseclassic,suspense"},{"title":"I Am Sam","tags":" Jessie Nelson Sean Penn, Michelle Pfeiffer, Dakota Fanning, Dianne Wiest, Loretta Devine, Richard Schiff, Laura Dern, Brad Silverman, Joseph Rosenberg, Stanley DeSantis, Doug Hutchison When the legal system declares him unfit to be a parent, a father with an intellectual disability fights to regain custody of his young daughter. dramadrama"},{"title":"Love Jones","tags":" Theodore Witcher Larenz Tate, Nia Long, Isaiah Washington, Lisa Nicole Carson, Bill Bellamy, Leonard Roberts, Bernadette L. Clarke, Khalil Kain A poet and a photographer take a chance on romance but find their ambitions and baggage could keep them from taking their relationship further. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Million Dollar Baby","tags":" Clint Eastwood Clint Eastwood, Hilary Swank, Morgan Freeman, Anthony Mackie, Jay Baruchel, Mike Colter, Lucia Rijker, Br\u00edan F. O'Byrne, Margo Martindale, Riki Lindhome When a cantankerous trainer mentors a persistent amateur boxer determined to go pro, deep-seated emotions become their strongest opponents. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Mosquita y Mari","tags":" Aurora Guerrero Fenessa Pineda, Venecia Troncoso, Joaqu\u00edn Garrido, Laura Patalano, Dulce Maria Solis, Marisela Uscanga, Melissa Uscanga, Omar Leyva, Tonita Castro, Paul Alayo Neighbors but by no means friends, high schoolers Yolanda and Mari discover a bond and an attraction when they're made study partners. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Never Back Down 2: The Beatdown","tags":" Michael Jai White Michael Jai White, Dean Geyer, Alex Meraz, Todd Duffee, Scottie Epstein, Jillian Murray, Evan Peters, Stacey Asaro, Gralen Bryant Banks, Rus Blackwell A group of mixed martial arts fighters stars in this action thriller that follows a quartet of brawlers as they prepare for a major underground event. action,drama,sportsaction,drama,sports"},{"title":"Ninja Assassin","tags":" James McTeigue Rain, Naomie Harris, Ben Miles, Rick Yune, Sh\u00f4 Kosugi, Sung Kang, Richard van Weyden, Thorston Manderlay, Wladimir Tarasjanz, Eleonore Weisgerber A former assassin must protect himself and a Europol agent from a ruthless band of assassins who wish to exist in secrecy. actionaction"},{"title":"Ouran High School Host Club","tags":" Takuya Igarashi Maaya Sakamoto, Mamoru Miyano, Masaya Matsukaze, Kenichi Suzumura, Keisuke Oda, Ayaka Saito, Daisuke Kirii New student Haruhi stumbles on the Ouran High School Host Club, an all-male group that makes money by entertaining the girls of the school. anime,romance,showanime,romance,show"},{"title":"Population 436","tags":" Michelle MacLaren Jeremy Sisto, Fred Durst, Charlotte Sullivan, David Ames, Cory Cassidy, James Blicq, Martin Trudel, Reva Timbers, Rick Skene, Peter Outerbridge, Dana Horrox A census taker sent to investigate why Rockwell Falls has had the same population, 436, for more than a century, soon wishes he hadn't taken the job. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Sniper: Legacy","tags":" Don Michael Paul Tom Berenger, Chad Michael Collins, Doug Allen, Dominic Mafham, Mercedes Mason, Mark Lewis Jones, Nestor Serrano, Dennis Haysbert, Alex Roe, Yana Marinova When a troubled sniper begins killing officers he blames for a bungled mission, elite marksman Brandon Beckett sets out to neutralize the threat. actionaction"},{"title":"Starsky & Hutch","tags":" Todd Phillips Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Vince Vaughn, Juliette Lewis, Snoop Dogg, Fred Williamson, Jason Bateman, Amy Smart, Carmen Electra, George Cheung New undercover cop partners Starsky and Hutch must overcome their differences to solve an important case with help from street informant Huggy Bear. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Streets of Fire","tags":" Walter Hill Michael Par\u00e9, Diane Lane, Rick Moranis, Amy Madigan, Willem Dafoe, Deborah Van Valkenburgh, Richard Lawson, Rick Rossovich, Bill Paxton, Lee Ving Tough ex-soldier Tom Cody springs into action when a depraved motorcycle gang kidnaps his former girlfriend, Ellen, who's now a famous singer. action,classic,classicaction,classic,classic"},{"title":"Swordfish","tags":" Dominic Sena John Travolta, Hugh Jackman, Halle Berry, Don Cheadle, Sam Shepard, Vinnie Jones, Drea de Matteo, Rudolf Martin, Zach Grenier, Camryn Grimes A gifted hacker with a criminal past is recruited by a group of shadowy, seductive figures for an elaborate scheme where nothing is quite as it seems. actionaction"},{"title":"The Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog","tags":"  Jaleel White, Long John Baldry, Garry Chalk Hyper hedgehog Sonic and his cohort Miles \"Tails\" Prower defend the planet Mobius against Dr. Robotnik and his evil schemes in this animated series. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Four Seasons","tags":" Alan Alda Alan Alda, Carol Burnett, Len Cariou, Sandy Dennis, Rita Moreno, Jack Weston, Bess Armstrong, Elizabeth Alda, Beatrice Alda Three middle-aged couples vacation together every season until one of the men ditches his wife for a younger woman, tilting the group's dynamics. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"The Interpreter","tags":" Sydney Pollack Nicole Kidman, Sean Penn, Catherine Keener, Jesper Christensen, Yvan Attal, Earl Cameron, George Harris, Michael Wright, Clyde Kusatsu, Eric Keenleyside, Hugo Speer Silvia Broome is a translator at the United Nations. But her job turns perilous when she overhears a plot to assassinate a government official. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Meddler","tags":" Lorene Scafaria Susan Sarandon, Rose Byrne, J.K. Simmons, Cecily Strong, Jerrod Carmichael, Michael McKean, Jason Ritter, Billy Magnussen, Lucy Punch, Sarah Baker Still-grieving widow Marnie moves to Los Angeles to be close to daughter Lori, but soon discovers new outlets for her maternal and romantic needs. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Mirror Has Two Faces","tags":" Barbra Streisand Barbra Streisand, Jeff Bridges, Lauren Bacall, George Segal, Mimi Rogers, Pierce Brosnan, Brenda Vaccaro, Austin Pendleton, Elle Macpherson, Ali Marsh, Leslie Stefanson, Taina Elg, Lucy Avery Brooke, Amber Smith Tired of being single, middle-aged professor Rose Morgan accepts her colleague's proposal \u2013 but her colleague only wants a platonic marriage. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"The Outlaw Josey Wales","tags":" Clint Eastwood Clint Eastwood, Sondra Locke, Chief Dan George, Bill McKinney, John Vernon, Paula Trueman, Sam Bottoms, Geraldine Keams, Woodrow Parfrey, Joyce Jameson In this gritty Oscar-nominated Western, an ex-Confederate soldier on the run comes to rest in a quiet community, where he falls for a pretty settler. action,classicaction,classic"},{"title":"The Platform","tags":"  Maxim Khalil, Abdulmohsen Alnemr, Samr Ismaiel, Khaled Alkeesh, Samar Sami, Salloum Haddad, Ahmad Aljasmii, Khaled El Sayed, Yaser Alneyadi, Leen Gherra, Dean Cain, Moatasem Alnahar, Mahira Abdelaziz A programming genius builds a fact-finding, truth-seeking internet portal while reckoning with trouble at home. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Wedding Guest","tags":" Michael Winterbottom Dev Patel, Radhika Apte, Jim Sarbh Hired to extract a bride-to-be before her arranged wedding in Pakistan, a hired gun goes on the run with his hostage when his plan unravels. drama,romance,suspensedrama,romance,suspense"},{"title":"The Wind","tags":" Emma Tammi Caitlin Gerard, Julia Goldani Telles, Ashley Zukerman, Miles Anderson, Dylan McTee Isolated on a wind-ravaged 19th-century homestead, a frontierswoman begins to suspect that evil lurks in the terrifying emptiness all around her. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Then Came You","tags":" Peter Hutchings Asa Butterfield, Maisie Williams, Nina Dobrev, Ken Jeong, Tyler Hoechlin, David Koechner, Peyton List, Tituss Burgess A hypochondriac confronts his fear of death when a terminally ill teen girl enlists him to help her complete her bucket list. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Welcome Home","tags":" George Ratliff Aaron Paul, Emily Ratajkowski, Riccardo Scamarcio, Katy Louise Saunders, Alice Bellagamba A couple rents a villa in Italy hoping to mend their bruised relationship, but the devilishly charming homeowner can\u2019t seem to leave them alone. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Dirty John","tags":"  Connie Britton, Eric Bana, Juno Temple, Julia Garner, Jean Smart, Keiko Agena, Jeff Perry, Kevin Zegers, Jake Abel Businesswoman Debra Newell's life unravels when she falls for the lies and manipulation of con man John Meehan. Based on the true-crime podcast. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Bo Burnham: Inside","tags":" Bo Burnham Bo Burnham A new comedy special shot and performed by Bo Burnham, alone, over the course of the past year. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Collateral Beauty","tags":" David Frankel Will Smith, Edward Norton, Kate Winslet, Michael Pe\u00f1a, Helen Mirren, Naomie Harris, Keira Knightley, Jacob Latimore, Ann Dowd, Liza Col\u00f3n-Zayas An advertising executive wrestling with grief finds meaning by writing letters to unconventional recipients as caring colleagues plot a ruse. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Kominsky Method","tags":"  Michael Douglas, Alan Arkin, Sarah Baker, Nancy Travis, Susan Sullivan, Lisa Edelstein, Emily Osment, Graham Rogers, Jenna Lyng Adams, Ashleigh LaThrop, Melissa Tang, Casey Thomas Brown, Ann-Margret, Danny DeVito Acting coach Sandy Kominsky and best friend Norman Newlander keep each other laughing as they navigate the ups and downs of getting older. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Black Space","tags":"  Guri Alfi, Shai Avivi, Assi Levy, Reut Alush, Meirav Shirom, Yoav Rotman, Liana Ayoun, Noam Karmeli, Hadas Jade Sakori, Yehonatan Vilozny, Gily Itskovitch, Oneg Efron, Suzanna Papian, Ori Biton, Nir Hasdai, Leib Lev Levin, Eyal Shikratzi A rogue detective with unorthodox means leads an investigation into a massacre committed by unicorn mask-wearing assassins at an Israeli high school. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Blue Miracle","tags":" Julio Quintana Jimmy Gonzales, Dennis Quaid, Anthony Gonzalez, Bruce McGill, Raymond Cruz, Nathan Arenas, Miguel Angel Garcia, Isaac Arellanes, Steve Gutierrez, Dana Wheeler-Nicholson, Fernanda Urrejola, Silverio Palacios To save their cash-strapped orphanage, a guardian and his kids partner with a washed-up boat captain for a chance to win a lucrative fishing competition. family,drama,religionfamily,drama,religion"},{"title":"Ghost Lab","tags":" Paween Purijitpanya Thanapob Leeratanakachorn, Paris Intarakomalyasut, Nuttanicha Dungwattanawanich, Suquan Bulakul, Rachanee Siralert, Chaleeda Gilbert, Nuttawut Jenmana, Alanta Potjes, Anchuleeon Buagaew, Jinjuta Rattanaburi After witnessing a haunting in their hospital, two doctors become dangerously obsessed with obtaining scientific proof that ghosts exist. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Ragnarok","tags":"  David Stakston, Jonas Strand Gravli, Herman T\u00f8mmeraas, Theresa Frostad Eggesb\u00f8, Emma Bones, Henriette Steenstrup, G\u00edsli \u00d6rn Gar\u00f0arsson, Synn\u00f8ve Macody Lund, Ylva Thedin Bj\u00f8rkaas, Odd-Magnus Williamson In a Norwegian town poisoned by pollution and rattled by melting glaciers, the End Times feel all too real. It\u2019ll take a legend to battle an old evil. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Soy Rada: Serendipity","tags":" Pablo Faro Agust\u00edn Aristar\u00e1n The delightful Argentine comic Agust\u00edn Aristar\u00e1n (aka Soy Rada) is back, this time putting the spotlight on family and parenting, magic and music. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Day I lost My Shadow","tags":" Soudade Kaadan Sawsan Arsheed, Reham Kassar, Samer Ismael, Owiss Mokhallati, Hanane Hajj Ali, Yassin Albokhari, Yamam Al Hassan, Noor Maghout, Mohammad Alsayyed Ali, Mostafa Alkar, Amal Assaf, Madonna Adib, Marwa Almassri, Abdel Nasser Maraqbi As winter hits hard and resources run low in Damascus, a single mom heads to the war-scarred outskirts looking for gas to prepare her son a warm meal. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Baggio: The Divine Ponytail","tags":" Letizia Lamartire Andrea Arcangeli, Valentina Bell\u00e8, Andrea Pennacchi, Antonio Zavatteri, Anna Ferruzzo, Riccardo Goretti, Thomas Trabacchi, Marc Clotet, Martufello The story of Roberto Baggio, one of the best soccer players of all time, including his career highs, triumphs over injuries and discovery of Buddhism. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"JoJo's Bizarre Adventure","tags":"  Kazuyuki Okitsu, Tomokazu Sugita, Daisuke Ono, Unsho Ishizuka, Kensho Ono, Takehito Koyasu, Yoku Shioya, Yoji Ueda, Ayako Kawasumi, Takuya Sato, Atsuko Tanaka, Atsushi Imaruoka, Daisuke Hirakawa, Fuminori Komatsu, Kenta Miyake, Misato Fukuen, Yuki Kaji, Wataru Takagi, Takahiro Sakurai, Yuichi Nakamura, Junichi Suwabe, Kohsuke Toriumi, Daiki Yamashita, Junya Enoki Multiple generations of the Joestar family \u2013 all with the same nickname \u2013 confront supernatural villains through a series of time periods. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Home","tags":" Tim Johnson Jim Parsons, Rihanna, Steve Martin, Jennifer Lopez, Matt Jones, Brian Stepanek, April Lawrence When misfit alien Oh mistakenly sends a party invite to the entire galaxy, he goes on the run to avoid trouble and befriends spunky human girl Tip. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Master of None","tags":"  Aziz Ansari, No\u00ebl Wells, Eric Wareheim, Lena Waithe, Kelvin Yu, Fatima Ansari, Shoukath Ansari, Alessandra Mastronardi, Bobby Cannavale Dev tries to jump-start his acting career and elevate his dating game with help from his eclectic group of friends in this award-winning series. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"99 Songs","tags":" Vishwesh Krishnamoorthy Ehan Bhat, Edilsy Vargas, Manisha Koirala, Lisa Ray, Tenzin Dalha, Warina Hussain, Ranjit Barot, Neel Tyagi, Rahul Ram, Diwakar Pundir Challenged to compose 100 songs before he can marry the girl he loves, a tortured but passionate singer-songwriter embarks on a poignant musical journey. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Army of the Dead","tags":" Zack Snyder Dave Bautista, Ella Purnell, Omari Hardwick, Garret Dillahunt, Ana de la Reguera, Theo Rossi, Matthias Schweigh\u00f6fer, Nora Arnezeder, Hiroyuki Sanada, Tig Notaro, Ra\u00fal Castillo, Huma Qureshi, Samantha Win, Richard Cetrone, Michael Cassidy After a zombie outbreak in Las Vegas, a group of mercenaries takes the ultimate gamble by venturing into the quarantine zone for the greatest heist ever. action,suspenseaction,suspense"},{"title":"Jurassic World Camp Cretaceous","tags":"  Paul-Mik\u00e9l Williams, Jenna Ortega, Sean Giambrone, Kausar Mohammed, Ryan Potter, Raini Rodriguez, Jameela Jamil, Glen Powell Six teens invited to attend a state-of-the-art adventure camp on Isla Nublar must band together to survive when the dinosaurs break out of captivity. family,action,fantasyfamily,action,fantasy"},{"title":"The Neighbor","tags":"  Quim Guti\u00e9rrez, Clara Lago, Adri\u00e1n Pino, Catelina Sopelana Self-centered Javier's life gets a bit messy when he unexpectedly becomes a superhero \u2013 and his recent ex is tasked with uncovering his identity. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Asmaa","tags":" Amr Salama Hend Sabry, Maged El-Kidwani, Hany Adel, Sayed Rajab, Ahmed Kamal, Boutros Ghaly, Laila Ezz El Arab, Samia Asaad, Fatmah Adel, Mohamad Yones, Mohamed Abd El Azim Constantly denied medical treatment, an HIV positive woman confronts societal stigma with unexpected courage. Inspired by true events. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Hating Peter Tatchell","tags":" Christopher Amos  This documentary follows gay rights activist Peter Tatchell from his early life to his fight for justice amid controversy and political turmoil. documental,foregin,lgbtdocumental,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Special","tags":"  Ryan O'Connell, Jessica Hecht, Punam Patel, Marla Mindelle, Augustus Prew, Patrick Fabian A young gay man with cerebral palsy branches out from his insular existence in hopes of finally going after the life he wants. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Spy Kids: All the Time in the World","tags":" Robert Rodriguez Jessica Alba, Joel McHale, Rowan Blanchard, Mason Cook, Jeremy Piven, Alexa PenaVega, Daryl Sabara, Ricky Gervais, Danny Trejo Twins Rebecca and Cecil spring into action with their retired secret agent stepmother to stop a time-manipulating mastermind and his nefarious plans. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Sabotage","tags":" David Ayer Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sam Worthington, Olivia Williams, Terrence Howard, Joe Manganiello, Josh Holloway, Mireille Enos, Harold Perrineau, Martin Donovan, Max Martini, Mark Schlegel, Kevin Vance A crack team of DEA agents plots a daring heist, making off with $10 million in drug money. They soon find themselves targets of an unknown killer. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Small Town Crime","tags":" Eshom Nelms, Ian Nelms John Hawkes, Anthony Anderson, Octavia Spencer, Robert Forster, Clifton Collins Jr., Jeremy Ratchford, James Lafferty, Michael Vartan, Daniel Sunjata, Don Harvey, Stefanie Scott, Caity Lotz, Dale Dickey When a disgraced ex-cop discovers a dying woman, he's compelled to track down her killer \u2014 an act of self-redemption that takes him down a dark path. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Last Days","tags":" James Moll  This Oscar-winning documentary recounts the harrowing stories of five Hungarian Jews who endured the horrors of the Holocaust and Hitler's reign. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Magic School Bus","tags":"  Lily Tomlin, Daniel DeSanto, Erica Luttrell, Maia Filar, Lisa Yamanaka, Tara Meyer, Stuart Stone, Malcolm-Jamal Warner, Danny Tamberelli Join Ms. Frizzle as the Magic School Bus travels to outer space, under the sea, through an anthill \u2013 and even inside the human body! familyfamily"},{"title":"Who Killed Sara?","tags":"  Manolo Cardona, Gin\u00e9s Garc\u00eda Mill\u00e1n, Carolina Miranda, Alejandro Nones, Claudia Ram\u00edrez, Eugenio Siller, Juan Carlos Remolina, Ximena Lamadrid, Luis Roberto Guzm\u00e1n, Leo Deluglio, H\u00e9ctor Jim\u00e9nez, Ana Luc\u00eda Dom\u00ednguez, I\u00f1aki Godoy, Polo Mor\u00edn, Andr\u00e9s Baida, F\u00e1tima Molina, Marco Zapata Hell-bent on exacting revenge and proving he was framed for his sister's murder, \u00c1lex sets out to unearth much more than the crime's real culprit. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Amy Tan: Unintended Memoir","tags":" James Redford Amy Tan From her painful past to her successful career after \"The Joy Luck Club,\" groundbreaking writer Amy Tan shares her life story in this documentary. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Sardar Ka Grandson","tags":" Kaashvie Nair Arjun Kapoor, Neena Gupta, Rakul Preet Singh, Kumud Mishra, Aditi Rao Hydari, John Abraham, Kanwaljeet Singh, Soni Razdan, Masood Akhtar, Divya Seth, Ravjeet Singh, Akashdeep Sabir A devoted grandson\u2019s mission to reunite his ailing grandmother with her ancestral home turns into a complicated, comic cross-border affair. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Sleight","tags":" J.D. Dillard Jacob Latimore, Seychelle Gabriel, Sasheer Zamata, Storm Reid, Cameron Esposito, Dul\u00e9 Hill, Michael Villar, Brandon Johnson, Donzaleigh Abernathy, Jay Walker Struggling to raise his little sister on his own, a young street magician turns to drug dealing, unaware of how ruthless his supplier can be. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Ahaan","tags":" Nikhil Pherwani Arif Zakaria, Abuli Mamaji, Niharika Singh, Rajit Kapoor, Plabita Borthakur, Shilpa Mehta, Kaizaad Kotwal, Sonali Sachdev, Haresh Raut Jilted by his wife, a man with OCD finds eye-opening common ground and camaraderie with his neighbor, a young man with Down Syndrome. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Booba: Food Puzzle","tags":"  Artem Kretov, Elena Solovieva, Vyacheslav Kataev Curious Booba is now a chef! With friends Loola and Spike, he creates tasty treats with delightful designs using fruits, vegetables and other food. familyfamily"},{"title":"Alma Matters","tags":"   Alumni of India\u2019s elite academic institutes share the harsh realities, pleasant surprises and transformative journeys of their college experiences. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Cinema Bandi","tags":" Praveen Kandregula Vikas Vasistha, Sandeep Varanasi, Rag Mayur, Trishara, Munivenkatapa, Uma Yg, Sirivennela Yanamandhala, Sindhu Sreenivasa Murthy A struggling rickshaw driver\u2019s life takes a rollicking turn when he comes upon an expensive camera and decides to make a film with his fellow villagers. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Ferry","tags":" Cecilia Verheyden Frank Lammers, Elise Schaap, Huub Stapel, Monic Hendrickx, Raymond Thiry, Maarten Heijmans, Yannick van de Velde Before he built a drug empire, Ferry Bouman returns to his hometown on a revenge mission that finds his loyalty tested \u2014 and a love that alters his life. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Halston","tags":" Daniel Minahan Ewan McGregor, Bill Pullman, Rebecca Dayan, David Pittu, Krysta Rodriguez, Rory Culkin, Vera Farmiga, Gian Franco Rodriguez, Sullivan Jones, Kelly Bishop, Dilone, James Waterston, Jason Kravits, Mary Beth Peil His name built an empire. His style defined an era. American fashion designer Halston skyrockets to fame before his life starts to spin out of control. dramadrama"},{"title":"Haunted","tags":"   Real people sit down with friends and family to share terrifying true stories from their past, re-created through chilling re-enactments. show,suspense,suspenseshow,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"I Am All Girls","tags":" Donovan Marsh Erica Wessels, Hlubi Mboya, Deon Lotz, Brendon Daniels, Mothusi Magano A relentless detective finds common ground with a killer systematically targeting the perpetrators running a powerful child-trafficking ring. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Jungle Beat: The Movie","tags":" Brent Dawes Ed Kear, David Menkin, Ina Marie Smith, John Guerrasio, David Rintoul, Gavin Peter, Lucy Montgomery, Florrie Wilkinson, Adam Neill, Jason Pennycooke When a lost and lonely alien crash-lands on Earth, his new crew of talking animal friends helps him get back home \u2014 and try to save the world! family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Love, Death & Robots","tags":"  Topher Grace, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Gary Cole, Samira Wiley, Daisuke Tsuji, Maurice LaMarche, Rebecca Riedy, Helen Sadler, Hayley McLaughlin, Time Winters, Elly Condron, Stefan Kapicic, Bruce Thomas, Jeff Berg, Aaron Himelstein, Carlos Alazraqui, Jill Talley, Brian Bloom, Chris Cox, Michael Benyaer, Fred Tatasciore, Scott Whyte, Josh Brener, Gary Anthony Williams, Chris Parnell, Graham Hamilton, Adam Bartley, Kevin Michael Richardson, Emma Thornett, Henry Douthwaite, Madeleine Knight, Rebecca Banatvala, Kirk Thornton, Yuri Lowenthal, Elaine Tan, Matthew Yang King, Gwendoline Yeo, Neil Kaplan, G.K. Bowes, Courtenay Taylor Terrifying creatures, wicked surprises and dark comedy converge in this NSFW anthology of animated stories presented by Tim Miller and David Fincher. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Move to Heaven","tags":"  Lee Je-hoon, Tang Jun-sang, Hong Seung-hee, Ji Jin-hee, Lim Won-hee, Choi Soo-young Finding life in all that\u2019s left behind, a detail-oriented trauma cleaner and his estranged uncle deliver untold stories of the departed to loved ones. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Table Manners","tags":" Leli Maki Diaan Lawrenson, Renate Stuurman, Neels Van Jaarsveld, Thabo Malema, John Lata, Fiona Ramsey, Jonathan Taylor, Julian Robinson When a housewife's picture-perfect life comes crashing down, she finds solace and hope through cooking, family and love. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Strange House","tags":" Daniel Prochaska Le\u00f3n Orlandianyi, Benno Ro\u00dfkopf, Julia Koschitz, Marii Weichsler, Lars Bitterlich, Michael Pink, Inge Maux, Elfriede Sch\u00fcsseleder, Michael Somma, Finn Reiter, Markus Stubeier, Luca Streussnig When a big-city family moves to a remote town, two young brothers and their new friends try to solve the menacing mystery that haunts their home. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Woman in the Window","tags":" Joe Wright Amy Adams, Gary Oldman, Anthony Mackie, Fred Hechinger, Wyatt Russell, Brian Tyree Henry, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Jeanine Serralles, Mariah Bozeman, Julianne Moore Confined to her home by agoraphobia, a psychologist becomes obsessed with her new neighbors \u2014 and solving a brutal crime she witnesses from her window. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Castlevania","tags":"  Richard Armitage, James Callis, Graham McTavish, Alejandra Reynoso, Tony Amendola, Matt Frewer, Emily Swallow A vampire hunter fights to save a besieged city from an army of otherworldly beasts controlled by Dracula himself. Inspired by the classic video games. anime,suspense,suspenseanime,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Layer Cake","tags":" Matthew Vaughn Daniel Craig, Colm Meaney, Kenneth Cranham, Sienna Miller, Tom Hardy, Michael Gambon, George Harris, Jamie Foreman, Marcel Iures, Ben Whishaw, Tamer Hassan A suave, steely-eyed London cocaine dealer's retirement plans hit a violent snag when his boss asks him to do one more job. foregin,foregin,suspenseforegin,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Tottaa Pataaka Item Maal","tags":" Aditya Kripalani Shalini Vatsa, Chitrangada Chakraborty, Vinay Sharma, Sonal Joshi, Kritika Pande Exasperated with living in perpetual fear for their safety, four women kidnap a man to show him the realities of being female in Delhi. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Dance of the Forty One","tags":" David Pablos Alfonso Herrera, Emiliano Zurita, Mabel Cadena, Fernando Becerril, Paulina \u00c1lvarez Mu\u00f1oz A gay congressman marries the Mexican president's daughter but cavorts with a young man at a secret club. And then scandal hits. Based on a true story. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Oxygen","tags":" Alexandre Aja M\u00e9lanie Laurent, Mathieu Amalric, Malik Zidi After waking up in a cryogenic unit, Liz fights to survive and remember who she is before her oxygen runs out. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Upshaws","tags":"  Mike Epps, Wanda Sykes, Kim Fields, Page Kennedy, Diamond Lyons, Khali Daniya-Renee Spraggins, Jermelle Simon, Gabrielle Dennis, Journey Christine A working-class Black family in Indiana strives for a better life and a happy home while juggling everyday struggles in this comedy series. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Illegal Woman","tags":" Ramon T\u00e9rmens Daniel Faraldo, Isak F\u00e9rriz, Yolanda Sey, Raquel Cam\u00f3n, Adeline Flaun, Klaudia Dudov\u00e1, Boris Ruiz, \u00c0ngels Bassas, Ahmad Alhamsho, Abdel Aziz El Mountassir An immigration lawyer and a Nigerian woman caught in a ring of corruption team up to uncover the truth behind a suspicious death in a detention center. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Money, Explained","tags":"   We spend it, borrow it and save it. Now let's talk about money and its many minefields, from credit cards to casinos, scammers to student loans. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Deadly Switch","tags":" Svetlana Cvetko Teri Polo, Dylan Walsh, Danika Yarosh, Hayley McLaughlin, Bryce Durfee, Matt Passmore, Heather Mazur, Ashlyn Pearce In this indie thriller, a foreign exchange student moves in with her roommate's family who grieves over the daughter they would do anything to get back. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Mine","tags":"  Lee Bo-young, Kim Seo-hyung, Lee Hyun-wook, Ok Ja-yeon, Cha Hak-yeon, Jeong E-suh, Park Hyuk-kwon, Park Won-sook Encaged in a gold-clad life of secrets and lies, two women in a conglomerate family seek to topple all that stands in their way of finding true joy. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Nayattu","tags":" Martin Prakkat Kunchacko Boban, Joju George, Nimisha Sajayan, Jaffer Idukki, Yama Gilgamesh, Anil Nedumangad, Dineesh P, Vinod Sagar Three police officers become pawns for unscrupulous lawmakers when they are framed in an incident amid political elections and must flee to evade arrest. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Sleepless","tags":" Baran bo Odar Jamie Foxx, Michelle Monaghan, Scoot McNairy, Dermot Mulroney, T.I., David Harbour, Gabrielle Union, Octavius J. Johnson, Tim Connolly, Drew Sheer A Las Vegas cop attempts to rob a drug shipment from a casino kingpin, but the heist goes horribly wrong, leading to the kidnapping of his son. actionaction"},{"title":"Super Me","tags":" Zhang Chong Darren Wang, Song Jia, Cao Bingkun, Wu Gang, Chin Shih-chieh, Wang Ziyi, Kevin Lee A struggling screenwriter discovers his lucrative ability to bring antiques from his dreams into the real world \u2014 but his new life soon unravels. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Have You Ever Seen Fireflies? - Theatre Play","tags":" Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan Demet Akba\u011f, Zerrin S\u00fcmer, Sinan Bengier, Salih Kalyon, Bican G\u00fcnalan, \u015eebnem S\u00f6nmez, Binnur Kaya, Serhat \u00d6zcan Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan's lauded stage play traces the life of wunderkind G\u00fclseren as she navigates social and political change. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"In Our Mothers' Gardens","tags":" Shantrelle P. Lewis  An unplanned pregnancy upends the carefree lives of a young woman and her flatmate as they discover the struggles of single motherhood. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Jupiter's Legacy","tags":"  Josh Duhamel, Ben Daniels, Leslie Bibb, Andrew Horton, Elena Kampouris, Matt Lanter, Mike Wade, Tenika Davis, Ian Quinlan, David Julian Hirsh, Tyler Mane They're the first generation of superheroes. But as they pass the torch to their children, tensions are rising \u2014 and the old rules no longer apply. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Milestone","tags":" Ivan Ayr Suvinder Vicky, Lakshvir Saran, Mohinder Gujral, Gurinder Makna, Daljeet Singh, Akhilesh Kumar, Gaurika Bhatt, Arun Aseng Recently marking 500,000 kilometers on the road, a newly bereaved trucker faces the threat of losing the job that has come to define him to a new intern. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Monster","tags":" Anthony Mandler Kelvin Harrison Jr., Jennifer Hudson, Jeffrey Wright, Jennifer Ehle, Tim Blake Nelson, Nasir 'Nas' Jones, Rakim Mayers, Paul Ben-Victor, John David Washington, Jharrel Jerome, Dorian Missick A talented teen implicated in a robbery-turned-murder fights for his innocence and integrity against a criminal justice system that\u2019s already judged him. dramadrama"},{"title":"Sab Jholmaal Hai","tags":" Vijay Roche  In this madcap comedy, two mischievous cats, a talking parrot and a high-strung dog keep getting into trouble while their human is away. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Time to Dance","tags":" Stanley Menino D'Costa Sooraj Pancholi, Isabelle Kaif, Rajpal Yadav, Waluscha D'Souza, Natasha Powell, Martin Rycroft, Amrit Maghera, Saqib Saleem When a ballroom dancer\u2019s shot at a crucial tournament is jeopardized, a street dancer must face his own painful past and step up as her new partner. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Unrest","tags":" Jennifer Brea Jennifer Brea, Omar Wasow, Jessica Taylor-Bearman In this heart-wrenching documentary, a 28-year-old Ph.D. student turns the camera on herself to capture her struggles with chronic fatigue syndrome. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"And Tomorrow the Entire World","tags":" Julia von Heinz Mala Emde, Noah Saavedra, Tonio Schneider, Luisa-C\u00e9line Gaffron, Andreas Lust, Nadine Sauter, Ivy Lissack, Hussein Eliraqui, Victoria Trauttmansdorff, Michael Wittenborn A law student joins an anti-fascist group and finds herself sucked into increasingly dangerous situations and drawn more and more to violence. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Dead Man Down","tags":" Niels Arden Oplev Colin Farrell, Noomi Rapace, Terrence Howard, Dominic Cooper, Isabelle Huppert, Luis Da Silva Jr., Armand Assante, F. Murray Abraham An enforcer plotting revenge against the ruthless criminal he works for is blackmailed by a mysterious neighbor looking to exact vengeance of her own. actionaction"},{"title":"Framing John DeLorean","tags":" Don Argott, Sheena M. Joyce Alec Baldwin, Josh Charles, Morena Baccarin, Dean Winters, Michael Rispoli, Dana Ashbrook, Jason Jones, Josh Cooke, Sean Cullen, William Hill From his rise in the auto industry to his fall from grace, John DeLorean's legacy of power, fast cars and drugs comes to life in this documentary. documental,dramadocumental,drama"},{"title":"Lava Ka Dhaava","tags":"  Jaaved Jaaferi, Rutledge Wood Actor Jaaved Jaafferi brings his signature humor to this Hindi dubbing of the show where teams creatively navigate rooms flooded with make-believe lava. showshow"},{"title":"The Sons of Sam: A Descent into Darkness","tags":" Joshua Zeman  The Son of Sam case grew into a lifelong obsession for journalist Maury Terry, who became convinced that the murders were linked to a satanic cult. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Selena: The Series","tags":"  Christian Serratos, Gabriel Chavarria, Ricardo Chavira, Noemi Gonzalez, Seidy Lopez, Hunter Reese Pe\u00f1a, Julio Macias, Carlos Alfredo Jr., Jesse Posey, Madison Taylor Baez, Juan Martinez, Daniela Estrada, Paul Rodriguez Jr. Iconic Mexican-American performer Selena rises to fame as she and her family make sacrifices in order to achieve their lifelong dreams. dramadrama"},{"title":"StartUp","tags":"  Adam Brody, Edi Gathegi, Otmara Marrero, Martin Freeman, Ron Perlman, Addison Timlin, Mira Sorvino An attempt to launder stolen money finances a cryptocurrency that puts entrepreneurs in business with a corrupt FBI agent and a Miami gang. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"The Clovehitch Killer","tags":" Duncan Skiles Dylan McDermott, Charlie Plummer, Samantha Mathis, Madisen Beaty, Brenna Sherman, Lance Chantiles-Wertz, Emma Jones, Jonathan Riggs A teenager's picture-perfect family is torn apart when he uncovers unnerving evidence of a serial killer close to home. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Aliens Stole My Body","tags":" Sean McNamara Jayden Greig, Lauren McNamara, Dan Payne, Alex Zahara, Sean Quan, Kirsten Robek, Ty Consiglio, Christian Convery, Sandy Robson, Christina Meredith Lewall, George Takei The Galactic Patrol is on the hunt for Deputy Rod Allbright's body. Now they must team up with old and new friends to stop the body-snatching fiend. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Au coeur des gangs","tags":" Vondie Curtis-Hall Tyrese Gibson, Meagan Good, Larenz Tate, Henry Hunter Hall, Kimora Lee Simmons, Game In Los Angeles, recently paroled O2 teams up with a street-smart hustler when a gang hijacks his car and holds his son for ransom. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Best of the Best","tags":" Robert Radler Eric Roberts, James Earl Jones, Sally Kirkland, Chris Penn, Phillip Rhee, John P. Ryan, John Dye, Louise Fletcher Personal problems and racial tensions distract the members of a U.S. karate team handpicked to compete in an international martial arts competition. action,sportsaction,sports"},{"title":"Due Date","tags":" Todd Phillips Robert Downey Jr., Zach Galifianakis, Michelle Monaghan, Jamie Foxx, Juliette Lewis, Danny McBride, RZA, Matt Walsh Days before his pregnant wife's due date, Peter lands on the \"no-fly\" list, forcing him to drive across the country with an irritating slacker. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Fun with Dick & Jane","tags":" Dean Parisot Jim Carrey, T\u00e9a Leoni, Alec Baldwin, Richard Jenkins, Angie Harmon, John Michael Higgins, Richard Burgi, Carlos Jacott, Aaron Michael Drozin, Gloria Garayua After losing their high-paying corporate jobs, an upwardly mobile couple turns to robbing banks to maintain their standard of living. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Green Zone","tags":" Paul Greengrass Matt Damon, Greg Kinnear, Brendan Gleeson, Amy Ryan, Khalid Abdalla, Jason Isaacs, Said Faraj, Michael O'Neill, Igal Naor, Raad Rawi A US Army officer uncovers a conspiracy about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, launching a crusade that creates enemies within his own military. actionaction"},{"title":"Hachi: A Dog's Tale","tags":" Lasse Hallstr\u00f6m Richard Gere, Joan Allen, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Sarah Roemer, Jason Alexander, Erick Avari, Davenia McFadden, Robbie Sublett, Kevin DeCoste, Rob Degnan When his master dies, a loyal pooch named Hachiko keeps a vigil for more than a decade at the train station where he once greeted his owner every day. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"JT LeRoy","tags":" Justin Kelly Kristen Stewart, Laura Dern, Jim Sturgess, Diane Kruger, Kelvin Harrison Jr., James Jagger, Courtney Love, David Brown In an elaborate hoax, a young woman pretends to be the acclaimed writer JT LeRoy, a fictional persona invented by her writer sister-in-law. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted","tags":" Eric Darnell, Tom McGrath, Conrad Vernon Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, David Schwimmer, Jada Pinkett Smith, Sacha Baron Cohen, Cedric the Entertainer, Andy Richter, Tom McGrath, Frances McDormand, Jessica Chastain, Bryan Cranston, Martin Short Next stop: New York! But to get back home, Alex and friends must hitch a ride with a traveling European circus and evade an evil animal-control officer. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Mystic River","tags":" Clint Eastwood Sean Penn, Tim Robbins, Kevin Bacon, Laurence Fishburne, Marcia Gay Harden, Laura Linney, Kevin Chapman, Tom Guiry, Emmy Rossum, Spencer Treat Clark Haunted by a monstrous crime, three childhood friends in Boston cross paths again decades later in connection with a murder investigation. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Never Back Down","tags":" Jeff Wadlow Sean Faris, Amber Heard, Cam Gigandet, Evan Peters, Leslie Hope, Djimon Hounsou, Wyatt Smith, Affion Crockett, Neil Brown Jr., Lauren Leech, Tilky Jones, Steven Crowley, Tom Nowicki When a quick-tempered teen moves to a new town and faces the challenges of attending a new high school, he seeks solace in an underground fight club. action,drama,sportsaction,drama,sports"},{"title":"S.M.A.R.T Chase","tags":" Charles Martin Orlando Bloom, Leo Wu, Simon Yam, Hannah Quinlivan A disgraced security agent who specializes in transporting valuable objects gets a shot at redemption when he's hired to safeguard a precious antique. actionaction"},{"title":"Sitting in Limbo","tags":" Stella Corradi Patrick Robinson, Nadine Marshall, Pippa Bennett-Warner, CJ Beckford After living 50 years in the UK, Anthony Bryan is wrongfully detained by the government and threatened with deportation. Based on true events. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Stargate","tags":" Roland Emmerich Kurt Russell, James Spader, Jaye Davidson, Viveca Lindfors, Alexis Cruz, Mili Avital, Leon Rippy, John Diehl, Carlos Lauchu, Djimon Hounsou An Egyptologist joins a mission into the unknown when he helps the military unlock the mystery of a stone archway that's a portal to another universe. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"State of Play","tags":" Kevin Macdonald Russell Crowe, Ben Affleck, Rachel McAdams, Helen Mirren, Robin Wright, Jason Bateman, Jeff Daniels, Michael Berresse, Harry Lennix A veteran journalist teams up with a young reporter to untangle a web of lies surrounding the suspicious death of a woman tied to a powerful politician. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Swiped","tags":" Ann Deborah Fishman Kendall Ryan Sanders, Noah Centineo, Nathan Gamble, Kristen Johnston, Leigh-Allyn Baker, Christian Hutcherson, Shelby Wulfert, Steve Daron, Kalani Hilliker, Maddy Curley, George Hamilton When two college roommates develop a discreet hookup app, casual affairs \u2013 and complications \u2013 soon run rampant on campus. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Darkest Hour","tags":" Chris Gorak Emile Hirsch, Olivia Thirlby, Max Minghella, Rachael Taylor, Joel Kinnaman, Veronika Vernadskaya, Dato Bakhtadze, Yuriy Kutsenko Young Americans visit Moscow when the city is turned upside down by an alien invasion and band together with the locals to fight back. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Lovely Bones","tags":" Peter Jackson Mark Wahlberg, Rachel Weisz, Susan Sarandon, Stanley Tucci, Michael Imperioli, Saoirse Ronan, Rose McIver, Christian Thomas Ashdale, Reece Ritchie, Carolyn Dando In the aftermath of her murder, 14-year-old Susie watches from beyond as her loved ones mourn and search for her killer who is hiding in plain sight. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"The Sweetest Thing","tags":" Roger Kumble Cameron Diaz, Christina Applegate, Selma Blair, Thomas Jane, Jason Bateman, Parker Posey, Frank Grillo, Eddie McClintock, Lillian Adams, Johnny Messner After meeting her potential soul mate, a commitment-averse young woman hits the road with her best friend on a wild, raunchy misadventure to find him. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"The Whole Nine Yards","tags":" Jonathan Lynn Bruce Willis, Matthew Perry, Rosanna Arquette, Michael Clarke Duncan, Natasha Henstridge, Amanda Peet, Kevin Pollak, Harland Williams, Carmen Ferland, Serge Christianssens An unhappily married dentist becomes mixed up with mobsters and murder plots when he discovers that a notorious hit man has moved in next door. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"The Whole Truth","tags":" Courtney Hunt Keanu Reeves, Ren\u00e9e Zellweger, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Gabriel Basso, Jim Belushi, Jim Klock, Ritchie Montgomery, Christopher Berry Trying to earn an acquittal for a teen client accused of murdering his wealthy father, a defense attorney uncovers disturbing facts about the victim. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Yeti Adventures","tags":" Pierre Greco, Nancy Florence Savard Rachelle Lefevre, Noel Fisher, Colm Feore, Julian Stamboulieh, Jesse Camacho, Bronwen Mantel, Arthur Holden An explorer and a detective set off for the snow-capped Himalayas to try to prove the existence of the mystical Yeti in this animated adventure. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Under Siege","tags":" Andrew Davis Steven Seagal, Tommy Lee Jones, Gary Busey, Erika Eleniak, Colm Meaney, Damian Chapa, Andy Romano, Patrick O'Neal, Nick Mancuso, Troy Evans A disgruntled former CIA operative and his group of terrorists commandeer a nuclear battleship. Standing in their way is one tough cook. actionaction"},{"title":"Zack and Miri Make a Porno","tags":" Kevin Smith Seth Rogen, Elizabeth Banks, Craig Robinson, Jason Mewes, Jeff Anderson, Traci Lords, Katie Morgan, Ricky Mabe, Justin Long, Brandon Routh, Tyler Labine, Tom Savini, Tisha Campbell-Martin, Jennifer Schwalbach, Gerry Bednob Zack and Miri make and star in an adult film to bring in easy money. But their unspoken feelings for each other might threaten the whole enterprise. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Disciple","tags":" Chaitanya Tamhane Aditya Modak, Arun Dravid, Sumitra Bhave, Deepika Bhide Bhagwat, Kiran Yadnyopavit, Abhishek Kale, Neela Khedkar, Makarand Mukund, Kristy Banerjee, Prasad Vanarse Self-doubt, sacrifice and struggle converge into an existential crisis for a devoted classical vocalist as the mastery he strives for remains elusive. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Strangers: Prey at Night","tags":" Johannes Roberts Bailee Madison, Martin Henderson, Emma Bellomy, Lea Enslin, Damian Maffei, Christina Hendricks, Lewis Pullman Home-invasion horror comes to the trailer park when a family arrives at a mobile home community to find nobody there but a trio of masked murderers. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Get the Grift","tags":" Pedro Antonio Marcus Majella, Samantha Schm\u00fctz, Caito Mainier, Pedroca Monteiro, Thelmo Fernandes, Zeca Carvalho, Pablo Sanabio, Luan Caruzo After a botched scam, Cl\u00f3vis bumps into Lohane, his estranged foster sister. In a bind, they soon realize the only way out is to band together. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Sexify","tags":"  Aleksandra Skraba, Maria Soboci\u0144ska, Sandra Drzymalska, Piotr Pacek, Kamil Wodka, Jan Wieteska, Wojciech Solarz To build an innovative sex app and win a tech competition, a sexually inexperienced student and her friends must explore the daunting world of intimacy. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"August: Osage County","tags":" John Wells Meryl Streep, Julia Roberts, Chris Cooper, Ewan McGregor, Margo Martindale, Sam Shepard, Dermot Mulroney, Julianne Nicholson, Juliette Lewis, Abigail Breslin, Benedict Cumberbatch, Misty Upham When their father disappears, three strong-willed women return to their childhood home and to their equally strong-willed mother. dramadrama"},{"title":"Battle: Los Angeles","tags":" Jonathan Liebesman Aaron Eckhart, Michelle Rodriguez, Ramon Rodriguez, Bridget Moynahan, Ne-Yo, Michael Pe\u00f1a, Lucas Till, Cory Hardrict, Adetokumboh M'Cormack, Jim Parrack Led by their skillful staff sergeant, a platoon of gutsy Marines fights to protect all humankind from astonishingly powerful aliens. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Between Worlds","tags":" Maria Pulera Nicolas Cage, Franka Potente, Penelope Mitchell, Garrett Clayton, Lydia Hearst, Hopper Penn Grieving for his dead wife and daughter, a trucker plunges into a romance with a mother who needs his help. The dead, however, are far from gone. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Fatma","tags":"  Burcu Biricik, U\u011fur Y\u00fccel, Mehmet Y\u0131lmaz Ak, Hazal T\u00fcresan, G\u00fcl\u00e7in K\u00fclt\u00fcr \u015eahin, Olgun Toker, \u00c7a\u011fda\u015f Onur \u00d6zt\u00fcrk, \u015eehsuvar Akta\u015f, Deniz \u015een Hamzao\u011flu, Didem \u0130nselel Reeling from tragedy, a nondescript house cleaner embarks on a murderous streak as she searches for her missing husband and reckons with old wounds. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"One","tags":" Santhosh Viswanath Mammootty, Joju George, Murali Gopy, Mathew Thomas, Nimisha Sajayan, Salim Kumar, Gayathri Arun, Ishaani Krishna A formidable Kerala chief minister\u2019s party loyalties and personal principles are tested when a damning social media post sparks a heated power struggle. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ram Prasad Ki Tehrvi","tags":" Seema Pahwa Supriya Pathak, Parambrata Chatterjee, Konkona Sen Sharma, Vikrant Massey, Manoj Pahwa, Vinay Pathak, Ninad Kamat, Naseeruddin Shah Conflicts, complications and confrontations make for an emotional and eventful affair when a multigenerational family reunites in Lucknow. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Shadow and Bone - The Afterparty","tags":"  David Spade, London Hughes, Fortune Feimster, Ben Barnes, Jessie Mei Li, Archie Renaux, Amita Suman, Freddy Carter, Kit Young Stars of Netflix's \"Shadow and Bone\" discuss the show's epic combat scenes, answer some fan questions and play an \"Army vs. Crows\" trivia game. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Among Family","tags":" Ozan A\u00e7\u0131ktan Engin G\u00fcnayd\u0131n, Demet Evgar, Erdal \u00d6zya\u011fc\u0131lar, Su Kutlu, Devrim Yakut, Fatih Artman, G\u00fclse Birsel, \u015eevket \u00c7oruh, Derya Karada\u015f, Devin \u00d6zg\u00fcr \u00c7\u0131nar Amid a marital crisis, Fikret befriends songstress Solmaz after a wacky encounter and must fill in as the father of her soon-to-wed daughter. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Dedemin Fisi","tags":" Meltem Bozoflu Onur Buldu, Alper Kul, Erdem Yener, Onur Atilla, \u00d6zge Borak, Do\u011fa Rutkay, Meltem Y\u0131lmazkaya, \u0130rem Sak When a brain-dead family patriarch is about to be taken off life support, his extended family gathers round and plots to see who'll get his money. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Deliha","tags":" Hakan Alg\u00fcl Gupse \u00d6zay, Bar\u0131\u015f Ardu\u00e7, Cihan Ercan Short on sense but long on self-confidence, dotty Deliha sets her sights on a hunky photographer who opens up shop in her neighborhood. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"D\u00fc\u011f\u00fcn Dernek","tags":" Sel\u00e7uk Aydemir, Birkan Pusa Ahmet Kural, Murat Cemcir, Rasim \u00d6ztekin, Devrim Yakut, Bar\u0131\u015f Y\u0131ld\u0131z, \u0130nan Ula\u015f Torun, Zerrin S\u00fcmer, \u015einasi Yurtsever On the first day of Ramadan, Ismail joins friends on a road trip to a mosque and encounters his son, who, to Ismail's chagrin, plans a hasty wedding. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"D\u00fcg\u00fcn Dernek 2: S\u00fcnnet","tags":" Sel\u00e7uk Aydemir Ahmet Kural, Murat Cemcir, Rasim \u00d6ztekin, Devrim Yakut, Bar\u0131\u015f Y\u0131ld\u0131z, \u0130nan Ula\u015f Torun, \u015einasi Yurtsever, Erdal Tosun Ismail and his old screwball crew land themselves in hot water when his grandson's circumcision evolves into a buzz-making citywide event. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"G.O.R.A","tags":" \u00d6mer Faruk Sorak Cem Y\u0131lmaz, Rasim \u00d6ztekin, \u00d6zkan U\u011fur, \u0130dil F\u0131rat, \u015eafak Sezer, \u00d6zge \u00d6zberk, Erdal Tosun, Cezmi Bask\u0131n, Ozan G\u00fcven, Engin G\u00fcnayd\u0131n Carpet dealer and UFO photo forger Arif is abducted by aliens. On the planet Gora, he helps friends escape from a meteorite strike and find freedom. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Hayat \u00d6p\u00fcc\u00fcg\u00fc","tags":" \u015eenol S\u00f6nmez Ali Sunal, Hatice \u015eendil, Ayda Aksel, Ahmet Sara\u00e7o\u011flu, Janset, Zerrin S\u00fcmer, Somer Karvan, Ali \u00c7elik High-strung Metin finally stops seeing doom and gloom around every corner when he meets vivacious Hayat, but she has her own soul-searching to do. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Heroes: Silence and Rock & Roll","tags":" Alexis Morante Enrique Bunbury, Juan Valdivia, Joaqu\u00edn Cardiel, Pedro Andreu An exploration of the rise of H\u00e9roes del Silencio, the seminal 1980s Spanish rock band. Anchored by Enrique Bunbury, they focused on a harder sound. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Kara Bela","tags":" Burak Aksak Cengiz Bozkurt, Seda Bakan, Erkan Kol\u00e7ak K\u00f6stendil, Cihan Ercan, Berat Yenilmez, \u0130\u015ftar G\u00f6kseven, Erdal Tosun, Tar\u0131k \u00dcnl\u00fco\u011flu The uneventful life of middle-aged Kudret turns upside down when a road trip turns into a wild race for survival with killers in hot pursuit. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Kocan Kadar Konus","tags":" K\u0131van\u00e7 Baru\u00f6n\u00fc Ezgi Mola, Murat Y\u0131ld\u0131r\u0131m, G\u00fclenay Kalkan, Ebru C\u00fcnd\u00fcbeyo\u011flu, Eda Ece, Beg\u00fcm \u00d6ner, G\u00fcl Ar\u0131c\u0131, Muhammet Uzuner A 30-year-old who's never taken the traditional path to love is tutored by her friends and family before reconnecting with her high school crush. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Kocan Kadar Konus 2: Dirilis","tags":" K\u0131van\u00e7 Baru\u00f6n\u00fc Ezgi Mola, Murat Y\u0131ld\u0131r\u0131m, G\u00fclenay Kalkan, Nevra Serezli, Eda Ece Efsun has found Mr. Right in Sinan, and their relationship is taking a serious turn. But their eccentric families quickly complicate the romance. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Let's Fight Ghost","tags":" Kongkiat Khomsiri Suppapong Udomkaewkanjana, Patchanan Jiajirachote, Thongpoom Siripipat, Apiwit Reardon, Kornrawich Sungkitbool, Waratthaya Wongchayaporn, Wannasak Sirilar A med student with a supernatural gift tries to cash in on his abilities by facing off against ghosts, till a wandering spirit brings romance instead. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"My Travel Buddy","tags":" Bedran G\u00fczel O\u011fuzhan Ko\u00e7, \u0130brahim B\u00fcy\u00fckak, Emre K\u0131nay, Asl\u0131 Bekiro\u011flu, Eda Ece, Bahar \u015eahin, Muharrem Bayrak, Toygan Avano\u011flu Days before Eid, a salesman fired from his job drives to Ayval\u0131k to meet his girlfriend's family, but the trip goes astray due to his zany travel buddy. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Niyazi G\u00fcl D\u00f6rtnala","tags":" Hakan Alg\u00fcl Ata Demirer, Demet Akba\u011f, \u015eebnem Bozoklu, Levent \u00dclgen Seeking the formula behind a magical elixir bequeathed to him by his father, a veterinary professor gets embroiled in a mobster's horse-racing scheme. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"One Like It","tags":" Marwan Nabil Riham Abdel Ghafour, Mohammed Aly Rizk, Hazem Samir, Salwa Othman, Mahmoud Gharib This short film follows a day in the life of a young woman in Egypt and how her interactions with others expose long-standing stereotypes and biases. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Shadow and Bone","tags":"  Jessie Mei Li, Archie Renaux, Ben Barnes, Freddy Carter, Amita Suman, Kit Young, Danielle Galligan, Calahan Skogman, Sujaya Dasgupta, Simon Sears, Daisy Head, Zo\u00eb Wanamaker, Luke Pasqualino, Julian Kostov Dark forces conspire against orphan mapmaker Alina Starkov when she unleashes an extraordinary power that could change the fate of her war-torn world. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"This Lady Called Life","tags":" Kayode Kasum Bisola Aiyeola, Efa Iwara, Molawa Onajobi, Tina Mba, Wale Ojo, Jemima Osunde, Lota Chukwu, Samuel Asa'ah, Michael Ejoor, Uche Elumelu Abandoned by her family, young single mother Aiye struggles to survive but stays focused on her dream of becoming an elite chef. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Vizontele","tags":" Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan, \u00d6mer Faruk Sorak Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan, Demet Akba\u011f, Altan Erkekli, Cem Y\u0131lmaz, Cezmi Bask\u0131n, Bican G\u00fcnalan, Sebnem S\u00f6nmez, \u0130clal Ayd\u0131n, Mesut \u00c7akarli, Zeynep Toku\u015f In 1974, a rural town in Anatolia gets its first television set \u2013 an event that's met with both excitement and trepidation by the villagers. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"HOMUNCULUS","tags":" Takashi Shimizu Go Ayano, Ryo Narita, Yukino Kishii, Anna Ishii, Seiyo Uchino Truth and illusion blurs when a homeless amnesiac awakens from an experimental medical procedure with the ability to see people's innermost traumas. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Life in Color with David Attenborough","tags":"  David Attenborough Using innovative technology, this docuseries explores nature from a fresh perspective as animals use color to survive and thrive in the wild. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Searching For Sheela","tags":"  Ma Anand Sheela Journalists and fans await Ma Anand Sheela as the infamous former Rajneesh commune\u2019s spokesperson returns to India after decades for an interview tour. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Stowaway","tags":" Joe Penna Anna Kendrick, Toni Collette, Daniel Dae Kim, Shamier Anderson A three-person crew on a mission to Mars faces an impossible choice when an unplanned passenger jeopardizes the lives of everyone on board. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Oloibiri","tags":" Curtis Graham Olu Jacobs, Richard Mofe-Damijo, William R. Moses, Taiwo Ajai-Lycett, Ifeanyi Williams, Ivie Okujaye, Dayton Sinkia, Bradley Gordon After drilling depletes a small village, a corporation finds more oil in the region, igniting tensions among the community. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Tell Me When","tags":" Gerardo Gatica Jes\u00fas Zavala, Ximena Romo, Ver\u00f3nica Castro, Jos\u00e9 Carlos Ruiz, Gabriel Nuncio, Rosa Mar\u00eda Bianchi, H\u00e9ctor Bonilla, Andr\u00e9s Almeida Workaholic Will puts his humdrum life in LA on hold to fulfill his grandpa's last wish: visiting Mexico City's most iconic sights and falling in love. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Zero","tags":"  Giuseppe Dave Seke, Haroun Fall, Beatrice Grann\u00f2, Dylan Magon, Daniela Scattolin, Madior Fall, Virgina Diop A shy teen with the power to turn invisible must get it under control to help defend his neighborhood, putting aside the pursuit of his artistic dream. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Izzy's Koala World","tags":"  Izzy Bee, Ali Bee, Tim Bee Young koala caretaker Izzy Bee and her family rescue cuddly creatures in need and help them head back into the wild on Australia\u2019s Magnetic Island. familyfamily"},{"title":"Free to Play","tags":"   This documentary follows three professional video game players as they compete in an international tournament with a million-dollar prize. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Luis Miguel - The Series","tags":"  Diego Boneta, Juan Pablo Zurita, Camila Sodi, \u00d3scar Jaenada, Izan Llunas, Paulina D\u00e1vila, Mart\u00edn Bello, Anna Favella, C\u00e9sar Bord\u00f3n, Vanessa Bauche This series dramatizes the life story of Mexican superstar singer Luis Miguel, who has captivated audiences in Latin America and beyond for decades. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Miss Sloane","tags":" John Madden Jessica Chastain, Mark Strong, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Michael Stuhlbarg, Raoul Bhaneja, John Lithgow, Sam Waterston, Chuck Shamata, Jake Lacy, Alison Pill, David Wilson Barnes A tenacious Capitol Hill lobbyist with a well-earned reputation for winning takes on the most challenging battle of her career. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"PJ Masks","tags":"  Jacob Ewaniuk, Kyle Breitkopf, Addison Holley Three 6-year-old kids who live normal lives during the day become superheroes at night, fighting crime as a team known as PJ Masks. familyfamily"},{"title":"American Me","tags":" Edward James Olmos Edward James Olmos, William Forsythe, Pepe Serna, Danny De La Paz, Evelina Fernandez, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Daniel Villarreal, Sal Lopez, Daniel Haro, Domingo Ambriz Three friends born in poverty create their own capitalist dream as powerful gang members. Time in prison makes one of them consider a fresh beginning. dramadrama"},{"title":"Delhi Belly","tags":" Abhinay Deo Imran Khan, Vir Das, Kunaal Roy Kapur, Poorna Jagannathan, Shenaz Treasury, Vijay Raaz, Paresh Ganatra, Rahul Singh Three flatmates get involved in the shady business belonging to one roomie's fianc\u00e9, and discover that a global crime syndicate is gunning for them. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Dhobi Ghat (Mumbai Diaries)","tags":" Kiran Rao Aamir Khan, Monica Dogra, Kriti Malhotra, Prateik Babbar, Aasha Pawar, Jyoti Pawar, Norma Lobo, Kitu Gidwani, Danish Husain, Jehan Manekshaw In this intimate drama, circumstances draw together four people from different castes \u2013 which would normally preclude them from forming friendships. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na","tags":" Abbas Tyrewala Imran Khan, Genelia D'Souza, Manjari Fadnis, Ayaz Khan, Prateik Babbar, Ratna Pathak Shah, Arbaaz Khan, Sohail Khan Soft-spoken Jai and spitfire beauty Aditi couldn't be more different \u2013 but their family and friends know that they're a perfect match. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Lagaan","tags":" Ashutosh Gowariker Aamir Khan, Gracy Singh, Rachel Shelley, Paul Blackthorne, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Raghuvir Yadav, Yashpal Sharma, Rajendranath Zutshi, Rajesh Vivek, Aditya Lakhia In 1890s India, an arrogant British commander challenges the harshly taxed residents of Champaner to a high-stakes cricket match. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Madness in the Desert","tags":" Satyajit Bhatkal Aamir Khan, Ashutosh Gowariker The story of making \"Lagaan,\" one of the millennium's seminal Indian films, is told from the point of view of production team member Satyajit Bhatkal. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Peepli Live","tags":" Anusha Rizvi, Mahmood Farooqui Omkar Das Manikpuri, Raghuvir Yadav, Malaika Shenoy, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Naseeruddin Shah, Sitaram Panchal, Shalini Vatsa, Farrukh Jaffar, Aamir Bashir, Vishal Om Prakash Two indigent farmers consider suicide so that their families can collect a government subsidy that's paid to the relatives of deceased farmers. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Taare Zameen Par","tags":" Aamir Khan Aamir Khan, Darsheel Safary, Tanay Chheda, Tisca Chopra, Vipin Sharma, Girija Oak, M.K. Raina When daydreamer Ishaan is sent to boarding school, an unconventional art teacher tries to help the imaginative student discover his true identity. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ajeeb Daastaans","tags":" Shashank Khaitan, Raj Mehta, Neeraj Ghaywan, Kayoze Irani Fatima Sana Shaikh, Jaideep Ahlawat, Armaan Ralhan, Nushrat Bharucha, Abhishek Banerjee, Inayat Verma, Konkona Sen Sharma, Aditi Rao Hydari, Shefali Shah, Manav Kaul, Tota Roy Chowdhury Four shorts explore the surprising ways in which unexpected catalysts inflame the uncomfortable emotions simmering under fractured relationships. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Arlo the Alligator Boy","tags":" Ryan Crego Michael J. Woodard, Mary Lambert, Brett Gelman, Jonathan Van Ness, Tony Hale, Haley Tju, Annie Potts, Vincent Rodriguez III, Flea, Jennifer Coolidge To find the father he never knew, optimistic Arlo leaves his swampy Southern home for New York City, making friends along the way. A musical adventure. family,comedy,musicfamily,comedy,music"},{"title":"Barbie & Chelsea: The Lost Birthday","tags":" Cassi Simonds America Young, Cassidy Naber, Kirsten Day, Cassandra Morris, Lisa Fuson, Greg Chun, Benjamin Pronsky, Laila Berzins, Nakia Burrise, Jacob Craner When Barbie\u2019s sister Chelsea thinks her birthday has been skipped, she hunts for a magic gem on a jungle island that will grant her wish to get it back. familyfamily"},{"title":"Crimson Peak","tags":" Guillermo del Toro Mia Wasikowska, Jessica Chastain, Tom Hiddleston, Charlie Hunnam, Jim Beaver, Burn Gorman, Leslie Hope, Doug Jones, Jonathan Hyde, Bruce Gray After marrying a mysterious British aristocrat, a young heiress moves into his crumbling, creepy ancestral home and finds it conceals sinister secrets. suspense,romance,fantasysuspense,romance,fantasy"},{"title":"Doctor Bello","tags":" Tony Abulu Isaiah Washington, Vivica A. Fox, Jimmy Jean-Louis, Genevieve Nnaji, Stephanie Okereke, Justus Esiri, Ebbe Bassey, Jon Freda, Evan Brinkman A troubled doctor sets out to save the life of a miracle worker who cured his cancer patient using an unprecedented and mysterious remedy. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Four Sisters Before the Wedding","tags":" Mae Czarina Cruz Alexa Ilacad, Charlie Dizon, Gillian Vicencio, Belle Mariano, Dominic Ochoa, Carmina Villaroel, Irma Adlawan, Kakai Bautista, Cai Cortez, Jameson Blake, Joao Constancia, Jeremiah Lisbo, Clarence Delgado, Pinky Amador, Minnie Aguilar, Gigi De Lana, Toni Gonzaga, Bea Alonzo, Angel Locsin, Shaina Magdayao, Enchong Dee When their parents' marriage threatens to crumble, the teenage Salazar siblings plot to reconcile them before their 20th wedding anniversary. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Into the Beat","tags":" Stefan Westerwelle Alexandra Pfeifer, Yalany Marschner, Trystan P\u00fctter, Helen Schneider, Julius Nitschkoff, Dennis Kyere, Ina Geraldine Guy, Katrin Pollitt, Julia Strowski, Anton Wichers A teen ballerina discovers hip-hop by chance and is faced with an impossible choice: Does she follow her parents\u2019 footsteps... or her newfound passion? drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Love Naggers","tags":"  Seo Jang-hoon, Kim Sook, Han Hye-jin, Kwak Jung-eun, Ju Wu-jae From the quirky to the scandalous, any relationship is fair game for a panel of love experts who comb over text messages and revel in reenactments. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Rush","tags":" Ron Howard Chris Hemsworth, Daniel Br\u00fchl, Olivia Wilde, Alexandra Maria Lara, Pierfrancesco Favino, David Calder, Natalie Dormer, Stephen Mangan, Christian McKay, Alistair Petrie In the 1970s, a rivalry propels race car drivers Niki Lauda and James Hunt to fame and glory \u2014 until a horrible accident threatens to end it all. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Synchronic","tags":" Justin Benson, Aaron Moorhead Anthony Mackie, Jamie Dornan, Katie Aselton, Ally Ioannides, Ramiz Monsef, Bill Oberst Jr. Two paramedics begin to question their realities after coming across several bizarre deaths linked to a new narcotic with mind-bending effects. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Zookeeper's Wife","tags":" Niki Caro Jessica Chastain, Johan Heldenbergh, Daniel Br\u00fchl, Timothy Radford, Efrat Dor, Iddo Goldberg, Shira Haas, Michael McElhatton, Val Maloku, Goran Kostic When the Nazis invade Poland, Warsaw Zoo caretakers work with the underground resistance to save Jews from the horrors of the Third Reich. dramadrama"},{"title":"Time Trap","tags":" Mark Dennis, Ben Foster Andrew Wilson, Cassidy Gifford, Brianne Howey, Reiley McClendon, Olivia Draguicevich, Max Wright, Hans Marrero, Rich Skidmore, Chris Sturgeon, Gopal Bidari While searching for their missing archaeology professor, a group of students discovers a cave where time passes differently than it does on the surface. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Tuesdays & Fridays","tags":" Taranveer Singh Anmol Thakeria Dhillon, Jhataleka, Niki Walia, Kamini Khanna, Zoa Morani, Nayan Shukla, Eklavyey Kashyap, Reem Shaikh To avoid the burden of commitment, a young lawyer and a writer agree to be romantic partners only two days a week. That won\u2019t get complicated \u2014 right? comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Dark City Beneath the Beat","tags":" TT The Artist Uneek, Mighty Mark, Tsu Terry, TT The Artist In this documentary, TT the Artist captures the irrepressible bounce and infectious beats of a Baltimore club scene that demands to be seen and heard. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Durarara!!","tags":"  Toshiyuki Toyonaga, Miyuki Sawashiro, Mamoru Miyano, Kana Hanazawa, Hiroshi Kamiya, Daisuke Ono, Jun Fukuyama, Yuichi Nakamura, Yuki Kaji, Ayahi Takagaki, Kazuma Horie, Sanae Kobayashi, Takaya Kuroda, Kari Wahlgren, Darrel Guilbeau, Bryce Papenbrook, Michelle Ruff, Johnny Yong Bosch, Crispin Freeman, Yuri Lowenthal, Steve Blum A young man looking for excitement moves to Ikebukuro, a district in Tokyo, where he finds a world of mystery in which the past and present mesh. anime,action,foreginanime,action,foregin"},{"title":"GANTZ:O","tags":" Keiichi Sato, Yasushi Kawamura Daisuke Ono, M\u30fbA\u30fbO, Tomohiro Kaku, Saori Hayami, Shuichi Ikeda, Kendo Kobayashi, Razor Ramon RG, Razor Ramon HG, Masane Tsukayama, Masaya Onosaka, Kenjiro Tsuda, Teruaki Ogawa, Hisanori Yoshida, Yuki Kaji Teams of recently deceased people who've been revived and given high-tech weapons must cooperate to defeat an army of monsters in Tokyo and Osaka. action,anime,suspenseaction,anime,suspense"},{"title":"Garth Brooks: The Road I\u2019m On","tags":" Glenn Weiss Garth Brooks Revealing interviews and archive footage tell the story of Garth Brooks' humble beginnings, rise to fame and unprecedented impact on country music. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Gilmore Girls","tags":"  Lauren Graham, Alexis Bledel, Scott Patterson, Keiko Agena, Yanic Truesdale, Kelly Bishop, Edward Herrmann, Melissa McCarthy, Sean Gunn, Liza Weil, Liz Torres, Jared Padalecki Fiercely independent single mom Lorelai raises gifted, Ivy League-bound daughter Rory amid a continual stream of quick-witted repartee. romance,comedy,dramaromance,comedy,drama"},{"title":"High-Rise Invasion","tags":"  Haruka Shiraishi, Shiki Aoki, Akira Sekine, Junya Enoki, Yuuichirou Umehara, Megumi Ogata, Shoya Chiba, Makoto Furukawa, Seiro Ogino, Koji Yusa, Chika Anzai, Asami Seto, Shizuka Ito, Juri Kimura, Kaito Ishikawa, Yoko Hikasa, Jun Fukuyama High schooler Yuri finds herself atop a skyscraper in a strange world, where she must survive against masked assailants bent on killing their prey. anime,foregin,suspenseanime,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Next in Fashion","tags":"  Tan France, Alexa Chung Talented designers from around the world compete for $250,000 and the chance to become the next big thing in fashion. showshow"},{"title":"Only Mine","tags":" Michael Civille Amber Midthunder, Brett Zimmerman, Chris Browning, Walter Fauntleroy, Claudia Ferri, Lorenzo James Henrie, Ellen Wroe, Ashley Holliday Tavares, Nancy Linehan Charles, Jonna Walsh After dating a charming cop who turns into an obsessive stalker, a small-town girl must save herself from his deadly ways. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Peasants Rebellion","tags":"  Ward El Kal, Aim\u00e9e Sayah, Bassem Moughnie, Carlos Azar, Sara Abi Kanaan, Wesam Hanna In feudalistic Lebanon, farmers revolt against the nobility under the leadership of a revolutionary figure who champions the oppressed. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Power Players","tags":"  Kieran Walton, Carlos Salazar, Greg Chun, Jamieson Price, Reba Buhr, Todd Haberkorn, Landon McDonald, Scott Whyte, Paul Haapaniemi A kid transforms into an action figure-sized superhero and teams with his toys in a fight against a villainous robot to save the world. familyfamily"},{"title":"Ricky Zoom","tags":"  Max Fincham, Twinkle Jaiswal, Bradley Bissett, Dylan Naden, Adam Longworth, Ashton Frank, Edward Moloney, Esther Coles, Jess Robinson, Miranda Pointer, Osian Thompson, Simon Lipkin, Richard David-Caine Race along with Ricky Zoom and his loyal Bike Buddies as they zip around their two-wheeled town of Wheelford on rescue missions and learn speedy stunts! foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Ride or Die","tags":" Ryuichi Hiroki Kiko Mizuhara, Honami Sato, Yoko Maki, Anne Suzuki, Tetsushi Tanaka, Sara Minami, Yui Uemura, Shinya Niiro, Shunsuke Tanaka, Setsuko Karasuma Rei helps the woman she\u2019s been in love with for years escape her abusive husband. While on the run, their feelings for each other catch fire. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Sonic X","tags":"  Junichi Kanemaru, Sanae Kobayashi, Ryo Hirohashi, Taeko Kawata, Nobutoshi Canna, Koji Yusa, Rumi Ochiai, Sayaka Aoki, Chikao Otsuka A mission gone awry transports Sonic the Hedgehog, his friends, Dr. Eggman and the Chaos Emeralds to another dimension: Earth. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"The Master","tags":" Paul Thomas Anderson Joaquin Phoenix, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Amy Adams, Laura Dern, Kevin J. O'Connor, Jesse Plemons, Rami Malek, Christopher Evan Welch, Madisen Beaty, Ambyr Childers, Price Carson A heavy-drinking loner finds some semblance of a family when he stumbles onto the ship of Lancaster Dodd, the charismatic leader of a new \"religion.\" drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Time Is Illmatic","tags":" One9 Nasir 'Nas' Jones, Busta Rhymes, Pete Rock, Pharrell Williams, Q-Tip, Swizz Beatz, Alicia Keys, DJ Premier Providing a behind-the-scenes look at the making of Nas's debut album, this documentary also delves into his deep connection to his New York roots. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Zoot Suit","tags":" Luis Valdez Daniel Valdez, Edward James Olmos, Charles Aidman, Tyne Daly, John Anderson, Abel Franco, Mike Gomez, Francis X. McCarthy, Alma Mart\u00ednez, Lupe Ontiveros, Tony Plana In this drama based on a 1940s trial, the members of a Mexican American gang are sentenced to San Quentin for a murder they may not have committed. classic,drama,musicclassic,drama,music"},{"title":"Dad Stop Embarrassing Me!","tags":"  Jamie Foxx, David Alan Grier, Kyla-Drew, Porscha Coleman, Jonathan Kite, Heather Hemmens, Valente Rodriguez A single dad and cosmetics brand owner figures out fatherhood on the fly when his strong-minded teen daughter moves in with him. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Fate: The Winx Saga","tags":"  Abigail Cowen, Hannah Van Der Westhuysen, Precious Mustapha, Eliot Salt, Elisha Applebaum, Danny Griffin, Sadie Soverall, Freddie Thorp, Rob James-Collier, Eve Best, Lesley Sharp Determined to master their enchanting powers, a group of teens navigate rivalry, romance and supernatural studies at Alfea, a magical boarding school. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"House of Cards","tags":"  Kevin Spacey, Robin Wright, Kate Mara, Corey Stoll, Sakina Jaffrey, Kristen Connolly, Constance Zimmer, Sebastian Arcelus, Nathan Darrow, Sandrine Holt, Michel Gill, Elizabeth Norment, Mahershala Ali, Reg E. Cathey, Molly Parker, Derek Cecil, Elizabeth Marvel, Kim Dickens, Lars Mikkelsen, Michael Kelly, Joel Kinnaman, Campbell Scott, Patricia Clarkson, Neve Campbell A ruthless politician will stop at nothing to conquer Washington, D.C., in this Emmy and Golden Globe-winning political drama. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Indian Matchmaking","tags":"   Matchmaker Sima Taparia guides clients in the U.S. and India in the arranged marriage process, offering an inside look at the custom in a modern era. show,romanceshow,romance"},{"title":"Jeffrey Epstein: Filthy Rich","tags":"   Stories from survivors fuel this docuseries examining how convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein used his wealth and power to carry out his abuses. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Law School","tags":"  Kim Myung-min, Kim Beom, Ryu Hye-young, Lee Jung-eun, Park Hyuk-kwon, An Nae-sang, Chung Won-joong, Lee Su-kyoung, Lee David, Go Youn-jung, Hyunwoo When a grim incident occurs at their prestigious school, justice through law is put to a test by a tough law professor and his ambitious students. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Living with Yourself","tags":"  Paul Rudd, Aisling Bea, Desmin Borges, Zo\u00eb Chao, Karen Pittman Burned out on life, Miles undergoes a strange procedure at a strip mall spa \u2013 and wakes to find he's been replaced by a better version of himself. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Signal","tags":"  Kim Hye-su, Lee Je-hoon, Cho Jin-woong, Jang Hyun-sung, Jeong Hae-gyoon, Kim Won-hae, Jung Han-bi, Lee Yu-jun, Son Hyeon-ju Communicating via a walkie-talkie that transcends time, a profiler from 2015 and a detective from 1989 join forces to tackle crimes and injustice. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Slasher","tags":"  Katie McGrath, Brandon Jay McLaren, Steve Byers, Patrick Garrow, Dean McDermott, Christopher Jacot, Wendy Crewson, Leslie Hope, Lovell Adams-Gray, Jim Watson, Paulino Nunes, Ty Olsson, Joanne Vannicola, Sebastian Pigott, Madison Cheeatow, Melinda Shankar, Kaitlyn Leeb, Rebecca Liddiard, Paula Brancati, Salvatore Antonio, Lisa Berry, Gabriel Darku, Erin Karpluk, Mercedes Morris, Ilan Muallem, Baraka Rahmani, Rosie Simon, Robert Cormier Rampaging serial killers leave carnage in their wake as their next victims fight to stay alive in this horror anthology series. suspense,suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Soul","tags":" Cheng Wei-hao Chang Chen, Janine Chang, Christopher Lee, Anke Sun, Lin Hui-min, Samuel Ku, Zhang Bojia, Lu Hsueh-feng While investigating the death of a businessman, a prosecutor and his wife uncover occult secrets as they face their own life-and-death dilemma. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Underclass","tags":" Pass Patthanakumjon Nannaphas Loetnamchoetsakun, Praewa Suthamphong, Sumitra Duangkaew, Tanutchai Wijitvongtong, Tarisa Preechatangkit, Natticha Chantaravareelekha, Miori Ohkubo, Pakwan Noijaiboon, Napaphat Worraphuttanon, Vathusiri Phuwapunyasiri, Rinrada Inthaisong, Suchaya Saenkhot, Mananya Kaoju, Kandis Wanarun, Ekapol Deebunmee, Panta Pattanaampaiwong, Rachaya Tupkunanon, Supasawad Buranawech, Thitirat Rojsangrat, Sawanee Utoomma, Phattharanarin Mueanarit, Chanyapuk Numprasop After getting dropped from an elite program, a student gets tangled in the affairs of a high school gang while trying to find her own identity. foregin,drama,showforegin,drama,show"},{"title":"Unnatural Selection","tags":"   From eradicating disease to selecting a child\u2019s traits, gene editing gives humans the chance to hack biology. Meet the real people behind the science. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Uppena","tags":" Buchi Babu Sana Panja Vaisshnav Tej, Krithi Shetty, Vijay Sethupathi The son of a fishing community falls for a village head's daughter, but they face violent opposition from the girl\u2019s doggedly old-fashioned father. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Why Did You Kill Me?","tags":" Fredrick Munk  The line between justice and revenge blurs when a devastated family uses social media to track down the people who killed 24-year-old Crystal Theobald. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"My Love: Six Stories of True Love","tags":" Moyoung Jin, Caroline S\u00e1, Deepti Kakkar, Fahad Mustafa, Hikaru Toda, Chico Pereira, Elaine McMillion Sheldon  Six longtime couples in different parts of the world share their decades-long love in these tender portraits filmed over the course of one year. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Baker and the Beauty","tags":"  Victor Rasuk, Nathalie Kelley, Dan Bucatinsky, David Del Rio, Michelle Veintimilla, Lisa Vidal, Carlos G\u00f3mez, Belissa Escobedo A Miami baker and a fashionista try to make romance work despite the heat they face from jealous exes, prying family members and invasive paparazzi. romance,comedy,dramaromance,comedy,drama"},{"title":"New Gods: Nezha Reborn","tags":" Zhao Ji Yang Tianxiang, Zhang He, Xuan Xiaoming, Li Shimeng While living as an ordinary deliveryman and motor racing fan, Nezha encounters old nemeses and must rediscover his powers to protect his loved ones. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Nicky, Ricky, Dicky & Dawn","tags":"  Brian Stepanek, Allison Munn, Aidan Gallagher, Casey Simpson, Mace Coronel, Lizzy Greene Just because they're quadruplets, that doesn't mean these 10-year-olds always get along. But for all the bickering, they're loyal to the last. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Stand-In","tags":" Jamie Babbit Drew Barrymore, Michael Zegen, T.J. Miller, Holland Taylor, Ellie Kemper, Andrew Rannells, Michelle Buteau Her career in shambles, a reclusive movie star hires her stand-in to go to rehab for her, not expecting how much the look-alike will relish the role. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Heaven Official's Blessing","tags":"  Jiang Guangtao, Ma Zhengyang, Wen Sen, Hu Liangwei, Huang Ying Banished to the mortal realm to exorcise ghosts, a deity must reckon with a demon and soon uncovers a dark secret behind the heavenly gods. anime,foregin,romanceanime,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Night in Paradise","tags":" Park Hoon-jung Um Tae-goo, Jeon Yeo-been, Cha Seoung-won, Lee Ki-young, Park Ho-san Hiding out in Jeju Island following a brutal tragedy, a wronged mobster with a target on his back connects with a woman who has her own demons. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ojukokoro: Greed","tags":" Dare Olaitan Seun Ajayi, Zainab Balogun, Sammie Eddie, Linda Ejiofor, Charles Etubiebi, Shawn Faqua, Lord Frank, Ikubese Emmanuel Ifeanyi, Somkele Iyamah, Ali Nuhu, Wale Ojo Down and out of luck, the manager of a shady gas station gets in over his head when he tries to steal from his grubby employers. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Roohi","tags":" Hardik Mehta Rajkummar Rao, Varun Sharma, Janhvi Kapoor, Manav Vij, Sarita Joshi, Anuraag Arora, Alexx O'Nell, Rajesh Jais Hired to kidnap a bride, two bumbling pals face a wacky predicament when one falls for their abductee \u2014 and the other, for the spirit possessing her. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Thunder Force","tags":" Ben Falcone Melissa McCarthy, Octavia Spencer, Jason Bateman, Bobby Cannavale, Pom Klementieff, Melissa Leo, Taylor Mosby, Marcella Lowery, Melissa Ponzio Two childhood best friends reunite as an unlikely crime-fighting superhero duo when one invents a formula that gives ordinary people superpowers. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Two Distant Strangers","tags":" Travon Free, Martin Desmond Roe Joey Bada$$, Andrew Howard, Zaria In this Oscar-nominated short film, a man trying to go home to his dog gets stuck in a time loop that forces him to relive a deadly run-in with a cop. dramadrama"},{"title":"Story of Kale: When Someone's in Love","tags":" Angga Dwimas Sasongko Ardhito Pramono, Aur\u00e9lie Moeremans, Arya Saloka, Roy Sungkono, Gilbert Pohan, Azizah Hanum, Tanta Ginting After leaving a toxic relationship, Dinda embarks on a romance with Kale, whose view on love soon shatters as he wrestles with his own insecurities. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Way of the Househusband","tags":"  Kenjiro Tsuda, Shizuka Ito, Kazuyuki Okitsu, M\u30fbA\u30fbO, Jun Fukushima, Kimiko Saito, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Masashi Nogawa, Junichi Yanagida, Hochu Otsuka, Atsuko Tanaka After disappearing from the underworld, the legendary yakuza Tatsu, \"the Immortal Dragon,\" resurfaces \u2014 as a fiercely devoted stay-at-home husband. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"The Big Day","tags":"   For six engaged couples, happily ever after begins on a spectacular note in this eye-popping look at India\u2019s multibillion-dollar wedding industry. foregin,show,romanceforegin,show,romance"},{"title":"Coded Bias","tags":" Shalini Kantayya  This documentary investigates the bias in algorithms after M.I.T. Media Lab researcher Joy Buolamwini uncovered flaws in facial recognition technology. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Mandela","tags":" Madonne Ashwin Yogi Babu, Sheela Rajkumar, Sangili Murugan, G. M. Sundhar Amid a local election with two rivals vying to win by any means necessary, a barber lands in a curiously powerful position as the single deciding vote. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Fisherman's Diary","tags":" Enah Johnscott Kang Quintus, Faith Fidel, Casson Chinepoh, Ramsey Nouah, Ndamo Damaris, Neba Godwill Awantu, Onyama Laura, Prince Sube, Daphne Nije, Zoe Elora Ebai Mayohchu Inspired by Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai, a young girl defies the expectations of her father and village to pursue an education drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"What Lies Below","tags":" Braden R. Duemmler Ema Horvath, Trey Tucker, Mena Suvari, Haskiri Velazquez, Danny Corbo, Olan Montgomery, Troy Iwata Back home at her lake house, a teenager begins to suspect that a sinister force lurks beneath the surface of her mother's too-perfect new lover. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Escape from Planet Earth","tags":" Cal Brunker Rob Corddry, Brendan Fraser, Sarah Jessica Parker, William Shatner, Jessica Alba, Jane Lynch, George Lopez, Sof\u00eda Vergara, Craig Robinson, Ricky Gervais, Steve Zahn, Chris Parnell This all-ages animated comedy follows the adventures of astronaut Scorch Supernova, a hero of the blue aliens who has a vast appetite for adventure. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Accepted","tags":" Steve Pink Justin Long, Jonah Hill, Adam Herschman, Columbus Short, Maria Thayer, Lewis Black, Blake Lively, Mark Derwin, Ann Cusack, Robin Lord Taylor, Hannah Marks, Anthony Heald Rejected by every college he applied to, a high school senior invents a fake university that will fool his parents and help his fellow outcasts. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Air Strike","tags":" Xiao Feng Bruce Willis, Liu Ye, Song Seung-heon, William Chan Wai-ting, Fan Wei, Wu Gang, Ma Su, Janine Chang, Che Yongli, Feng Yuanzheng, Geng Le The residents of Chongqing try to survive Japanese air raids as a U.S. military advisor trains a squadron of Chinese pilots desperate to fight back. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"An American Girl: McKenna Shoots for the Stars","tags":" Vince Marcello Jade Pettyjohn, Kerris Dorsey, Nia Vardalos, Ian Ziering, Ysa Penarejo, Cathy Rigby, Kally Berard, Talia Pura, Paula Rivera, George Chiang A talented young gymnast struggles with her schoolwork and an injury. But with help from her tutor, she gets her confidence back. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Concrete Cowboy","tags":" Ricky Staub Idris Elba, Caleb McLaughlin, Jharrel Jerome, Byron Bowers, Lorraine Toussaint, Method Man, Ivannah Mercedes, Jamil Prattis, Liz Priestley Sent to live with his estranged father for the summer, a rebellious teen finds kinship in a tight-knit Philadelphia community of Black cowboys. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Cross: Rise of the Villains","tags":" Patrick Durham, Paul G. Volk Brian Austin Green, Vinnie Jones, Lori Heuring, Richard Grieco, Patrick Durham, Tim Abell, Carson Lee Bradshaw, Manu Intiraymi, Danny Trejo Armed with a mighty ancient amulet, a team of weapons experts joins forces to defend Los Angeles from supervillains with explosive powers of their own. actionaction"},{"title":"God Calling","tags":" BB Sasore Zainab Balogun, Karibi Fubara, Diana Egwuatu, Richard Mofe-Damijo, Tina Mba, Onyeka Onwenu, Nkem Owoh, Patrick Diabuah, Ademola Adedoyin, Bikiya Graham Douglas The loss of a child plunges Sade into a suicidal depression, but her suffering leads to faith \u2013 with a little assist from modern technology. drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Irul","tags":" Naseef Yusuf Izuddin Fahadh Faasil, Soubin Shahir, Darshana Rajendran When a car breakdown forces a couple to seek shelter in a nearby home, conversations with the stranger inside soon suggest there\u2019s a killer among them. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Just Say Yes","tags":" Appie Boudellah, Aram van de Rest Yolanthe Cabau, Noortje Herlaar, Kim-Lian van der Meij, Nienke Plas, Pip Pellens, Jim Bakkum, Huub Smit, Edwin Jonker Incurable romantic Lotte finds her life upended when her plans for a picture-perfect wedding unravel \u2014 just as her self-absorbed sister gets engaged. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Madame Claude","tags":" Sylvie Verheyde Karole Rocher, Garance Marillier, Roschdy Zem, Pierre Deladonchamps, Liah O'Prey, Paul Hamy, Myl\u00e8ne Jampano\u00ef, Hafsia Herzi, Regina Anikiy, Annabelle Belmondo, Jos\u00e9phine de La Baume In 1960s Paris, Madame Claude's influence extends beyond the world of sex work \u2014 until an affluent young woman threatens to change everything. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Wild Child","tags":" Nick Moore Emma Roberts, Kimberley Nixon, Juno Temple, Linzey Cocker, Sophie Wu, Alex Pettyfer, Georgia King, Natasha Richardson, Aidan Quinn, Lexi Ainsworth Accustomed to getting her way, a wealthy teenage girl from Los Angeles is sent to a strict boarding school in England to clean up her act. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Woody Woodpecker","tags":" Alex Zamm Timothy Omundson, Thaila Ayala, Eric Bauza, Graham Verchere, Jordana Largy, Scott McNeil, Adrian Glynn McMorran, Chelsea Miller, Sean Tyson A rascally bird with a distinctive laugh pecks back with a vengeance when his forest habitat is threatened by a slick lawyer building his dream home. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"2012","tags":" Roland Emmerich John Cusack, Amanda Peet, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Thandie Newton, Oliver Platt, Tom McCarthy, Woody Harrelson, Danny Glover, Liam James, Morgan Lily When a flood of natural disasters begins to destroy the world, a divorced dad desperately tries to save his family by outrunning the cataclysmic chaos. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"3 Idiots","tags":" Rajkumar Hirani Aamir Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Madhavan, Sharman Joshi, Omi Vaidya, Boman Irani, Mona Singh, Javed Jaffrey While attending one of India's premier colleges, three miserable engineering students and best friends struggle to beat the school's draconian system. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ferrari Ki Sawaari","tags":" Rajesh Mapuskar Sharman Joshi, Boman Irani, Ritwik Sahore, Paresh Rawal, Deepak Shirke, Satyadeep Misra, Aakash Dabhade, Nilesh Diwekar, Vidya Balan A father winds up involved with a stolen Ferrari as he tries to acquire the money to send his son to the leading cricket academy. comedy,foregin,sportscomedy,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Ibrahim a Fate to Define","tags":" Lina Al Abed  Raised in a quiet home, Lina searches for answers while investigating the mystery behind her father's disappearance in this documentary. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Insidious","tags":" James Wan Patrick Wilson, Rose Byrne, Lin Shaye, Ty Simpkins, Barbara Hershey, Leigh Whannell, Angus Sampson, Andrew Astor, Joseph Bishara A family moves into a new home, where their son falls into a coma and eerie events begin to reveal something far more sinister is lurking in the house. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Into the Grizzly Maze","tags":" David Hackl James Marsden, Thomas Jane, Billy Bob Thornton, Piper Perabo, Scott Glenn, Michaela McManus, Adam Beach, Kelly Curran Estranged brothers Beckett and Rowan reunite in the Alaskan wild to confront a savage grizzly bear wreaking havoc on their hometown. action,suspenseaction,suspense"},{"title":"Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV","tags":" Takeshi Nozue Aaron Paul, Lena Headey, Sean Bean, Adrian Bouchet, Liam Mulvey, Alexa Kahn, Todd Haberkorn, John DeMita, David Gant, Darin De Paul King Regis of Lucis orders his Kingsglaive warriors to stop the army of Niflheim before it invades and steals the crystal that gives Lucis its power. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Legally Blonde","tags":" Robert Luketic Reese Witherspoon, Luke Wilson, Selma Blair, Matthew Davis, Victor Garber, Jennifer Coolidge When dazzling L.A. sorority girl Elle Woods gets dumped by her snobby boyfriend, she decides to win him back by following him to Harvard Law School. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Madam Chief Minister","tags":" Subhash Kapoor Richa Chadda, Saurabh Shukla, Manav Kaul, Shubrajyoti Barat, Akshay Oberoi, Boloram Das, Nikhil Vijay, Raviza Chauhan Rising from disadvantage to become a state leader, a tenacious politician learns that with great power comes great responsibility, ruthlessness and risk. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Magical Andes","tags":"   From Argentina to Colombia, this stunning documentary follows five characters who share their deep connection to South America's majestic mountains. documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"Maximum Risk","tags":" Ringo Lam Jean-Claude Van Damme, Natasha Henstridge, Jean-Hugues Anglade, Zach Grenier, Paul Ben-Victor, Frank Senger, St\u00e9phane Audran After discovering he's a twin when a look-alike turns up dead, a French cop assumes his brother's identity to uncover the truth and seek vengeance. actionaction"},{"title":"Murder Maps","tags":"  Nicholas Day Dramatic reenactments paired with archival sources artfully illustrate how police brought some of Britain's most infamous killers to justice. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"My Fair Lady","tags":" George Cukor Audrey Hepburn, Rex Harrison, Stanley Holloway, Wilfred Hyde-White, Gladys Cooper, Jeremy Brett, Theodore Bikel, Mona Washbourne, Isobel Elsom, John Holland, Alan Napier, Marni Nixon When a Cockney flower girl takes elocution lessons from an aloof professor, he decides to introduce her to high society, transforming both their lives. classic,musicclassic,music"},{"title":"Prank Encounters","tags":"  Gaten Matarazzo Monstrous frights meet hilarious reveals on this hidden-camera prank show as real people become the stars of their own full-blown horror movie. show,comedy,suspenseshow,comedy,suspense"},{"title":"S.W.A.T.: Under Siege","tags":" Tony Giglio Sam Jaeger, Michael Jai White, Adrianne Palicki, Ty Olsson, Kyra Zagorsky, Olivia Cheng, Lisa Chandler, Monique Ganderton, Matthew Marsden, Chris Gauthier When a S.W.A.T. team takes in a mysterious, high-profile prisoner, international threats unleash a barrage of attacks on their compound to retrieve him. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Secrets of Great British Castles","tags":"  Dan Jones Join historian Dan Jones on a journey back in time to the zenith of Britain's most iconic structures and their infamous inhabitants. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Seven Souls in the Skull Castle: Season Flower","tags":" Hidenori Inoue Shun Oguri, Koji Yamamoto, Songha, Ryo, Munetaka Aoki, Nana Seino, Yoshimasa Kondo, Arata Furuta Japan, 1590. Wandering samurai band together to take on the lord of Skull Castle in this \u201cFlower\u201d version of the bold show performed in a 360\u00ba theater. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Sniper: Ghost Shooter","tags":" Don Michael Paul Chad Michael Collins, Billy Zane, Dennis Haysbert, Nick Gomez, Ravil Isyanov, Stephanie Vogt, Navid Negahban, Presciliana Esparolini, Enoch Frost Snipers ordered to protect a gas pipeline from terrorists suspect a security breach when they're targeted by a ghost shooter who knows their location. actionaction"},{"title":"Starship Troopers: Traitor of Mars","tags":" Shinji Aramaki, Masaru Matsumoto Casper Van Dien, Dina Meyer, DeRay Davis, Justin Doran, Luci Christian, Emily Neves, Scott Gibbs, Juliet Simmons, Chris Gibson, Greg Ayres When a corrupt official plans to sabotage the planet Mars, it\u2019s up to Rico and a group of fresh recruits to fend off a surprise bug attack on their own. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Takers","tags":" John Luessenhop Matt Dillon, Paul Walker, Chris Brown, Idris Elba, Jay Hernandez, Hayden Christensen, Michael Ealy, T.I., Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Zoe Saldana, Steve Harris, Johnathon Schaech An elite crew of bank robbers sets up a daring heist after a former associate persuades them to target an armored car that could be their biggest score. actionaction"},{"title":"Tersanjung the Movie","tags":" Hanung Bramantyo, Pandu Adjisurya Clara Bernadeth, Giorgino Abraham, Kevin Ardilova, Nugie, Kinaryosih, Marthino Lio, Djenar Maesa Ayu, Ernanto Kusuma, Sacha Stevenson After growing up in a tumultuous household, Yura finds herself in a love triangle with two close friends as she faces a personal and financial crisis. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Knight and the Princess","tags":" Bashir El Deek Sedky Sakhr, Hashem El Garhy, Shahira Kamal, Aiemzy, Hani R. Eskander, Saif Abu-Kandil A fictional account of the heroic quests of a 7th-century knight, from rescuing hostages abducted by pirates in the Indian Sea to taking on a tyrant. action,foregin,musicaction,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Pianist","tags":" Roman Pola\u0144ski Adrien Brody, Thomas Kretschmann, Frank Finlay, Maureen Lipman, Emilia Fox, Ed Stoppard, Julia Rayner, Jessica Kate Meyer, Ronan Vibert, Ruth Platt Famed Polish pianist Wladyslaw Szpilman struggles to survive the onslaught of Nazi tyranny during World War II in this drama based on his memoirs. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Stepfather","tags":" Nelson McCormick Dylan Walsh, Sela Ward, Penn Badgley, Amber Heard, Sherry Stringfield, Paige Turco, Jon Tenney, Nancy Linehan Charles, Marcuis Harris, Braeden Lemasters, Deirdre Lovejoy A series of mysterious events makes a teenager suspect that his mother's new boyfriend may be a dangerous serial killer known for preying on families. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Universal Soldier: The Return","tags":" Mic Rodgers Jean-Claude Van Damme, Michael Jai White, Heidi Schanz, Xander Berkeley, Justin Lazard, Kiana Tom, Daniel von Bargen, James Black, Karis Paige Bryant, Bill Goldberg An ex-Universal Soldier working to design smarter cyborg warriors discovers that the supercomputer controlling the soldiers has a sinister agenda. actionaction"},{"title":"Wazir","tags":" Bejoy Nambiar Amitabh Bachchan, Farhan Akhtar, Aditi Rao Hydari, Manav Kaul, Neil Nitin Mukesh, John Abraham Helping an amputee grandmaster settle the score for his tragic past, a grieving detective unravels a conspiracy more complicated than he imagined. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"White Boy","tags":" Shawn Rech Richard Wershe Jr. This true-crime documentary exposes new facts about alleged teen drug lord \"White Boy Rick\" and his lesser-known role as an FBI informant. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Worn Stories","tags":"   In this funny, heartfelt and moving docuseries, real people unpack the fascinating and quirky stories around their most meaningful pieces of clothing. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"Yes Man","tags":" Peyton Reed Jim Carrey, Zooey Deschanel, Bradley Cooper, John Michael Higgins, Rhys Darby, Danny Masterson, Fionnula Flanagan, Terence Stamp, Sasha Alexander, Molly Sims After a bitter divorce, a loan officer falls under the sway of a self-help guru who urges him to say yes to everything that comes his way for a year. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"At Eternity's Gate","tags":" Julian Schnabel Willem Dafoe, Rupert Friend, Oscar Isaac, Mads Mikkelsen, Mathieu Amalric, Emmanuelle Seigner, Niels Arestrup, Anne Consigny, Amira Casar, Vincent Perez, Lolita Chammah, Stella Schnabel, Vladimir Consigny Wild artistic inspiration and emotional turmoil fill painter Vincent van Gogh's last years as he struggles to bring his unique vision to the world. dramadrama"},{"title":"Haunted: Latin America","tags":" Adri\u00e1n Garc\u00eda Bogliano  Real people's terrifying tales of the chilling, unexplained and paranormal come to life with dramatic reenactments in this reality series. foregin,show,foreginforegin,show,foregin"},{"title":"Not a Game","tags":" Jose Gomez Brendon Mcdonnell This documentary offers an honest look at our fraught, complex relationship to video games from the perspectives of gamers and their concerned parents. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Robocar Poli","tags":"  Donald Reignoux, Alexis Tomassian, Thomas Sagols, Pierre Francois Pistori, Bruno Magne, Catherine Desplaces, Fily Keita, Adeline Chetail, Bertrand Liebert, Christophe Lemoine When disaster strikes in Brooms Town, police car Robocar Poli, fire truck Robotruck Roy and their friends on the rescue team race to save the day. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Yu-Gi-Oh!","tags":"  Dan Green, Eric Stuart, Amy Birnbaum, Darren Dunstan, Wayne Grayson, Tara Sands, Lisa Ortiz, Megan Hollingshead, Madeleine Blaustein, Sam Riegel, Ted Lewis, Gregory Abbey, Jimmy Zoppi The lives of young Yugi Moto and his friends Joey, Tristan, and T\u00e9a are forever changed when a fantasy card game becomes their reality. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"7 Yards: The Chris Norton Story","tags":" Jonathon Link Chris Norton The true story of former college football player Chris Norton, who defied the odds after a devastating accident \u2014 with the woman he loves by his side. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Octonauts & the Ring of Fire","tags":" Blair Simmons Simon Greenall, Rob Rackstraw, Jo Wyatt, Paul Buckley, Simon Foster, Teresa Gallagher, Richard Grieve, Michael Murphy, Paul Panting, Keith Wickham When red-hot volcanoes start a chain reaction of disasters across the ocean, the Octonauts must work together to face their biggest challenge yet. familyfamily"},{"title":"Rainbow High","tags":"  Tara Sands, Anairis Qui\u00f1ones, Laura Stahl, Jenny Yokobori, Kira Buckland, Brittany Cox, Brittany Lauda, Christian Banas, Rebeka Thomas, Hayden Summerall, Deneen Melody The popular fashion dolls come to life in this animated series as they let their talents and true colors shine at the visual arts school, Rainbow High. familyfamily"},{"title":"Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom","tags":" Justin Chadwick Idris Elba, Naomie Harris, Tony Kgoroge, Riaad Moosa, Zolani Mkiva, Simo Mogwaza, Fana Mokoena, Thapelo Mokoena, Jamie Bartlett, Deon Lotz, Terry Pheto, Mark Elderkin This in-depth biopic portrays groundbreaking South African leader Nelson Mandela's fight against political oppression and virulent racism. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Lawless","tags":" John Hillcoat Shia LaBeouf, Jessica Chastain, Jason Clarke, Guy Pearce, Lew Temple, Gary Oldman, Tim Tolin, Dane DeHaan, Mia Wasikowska, Chris McGarry, Tom Hardy This true-to-life action saga profiles Virginia's bootlegging Bondurant brothers, whose exploits during the Prohibition era made them outlaw heroes. dramadrama"},{"title":"Marked","tags":" Nadine Ibrahim  This documentary explores Nigeria\u2019s cultural practice of marking, including its origins and meaning as a symbol of identity, beauty and spirituality. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"A Week Away","tags":" Roman White Kevin Quinn, Bailee Madison, Jahbril Cook, Kat Conner Sterling, Sherri Shepherd, David Koechner, Iain Tucker, Amy Grant In this uplifting musical, a troubled teen takes a leap of faith by attending summer camp \u2014 and unexpectedly finds love, friends and a place to belong. family,religion,musicfamily,religion,music"},{"title":"Bad Trip","tags":"  Eric Andr\u00e9, Lil Rel Howery, Tiffany Haddish, Michaela Conlin In this hidden-camera prank comedy, two best friends bond on a wild road trip to New York as they pull real people into their raunchy, raucous antics. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Big Time Rush","tags":"  Kendall Schmidt, James Maslow, Carlos Pena, Logan Henderson, Ciara Bravo, Stephen Kramer Glickman, Tanya Chisholm, Challen Cates, Erin Sanders, Matt Riedy After a talent agent discovers four talented pals and turns them into a boy band called Big Time Rush, they must adjust to their exciting new lives. familyfamily"},{"title":"Croupier","tags":" Mike Hodges Clive Owen, Kate Hardie, Alex Kingston, Gina McKee, Nicholas Ball, Nick Reding, Alexander Morton A would-be writer lands a job as a croupier to make ends meet. But when he becomes involved with a gambler, he is lured into taking part in a heist. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Elizabeth and Margaret: Love and Loyalty","tags":"   This documentary takes an intimate look at the complex, widely misunderstood relationship between Queen Elizabeth II and her sister, Princess Margaret. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Keeping the Bees","tags":" Eylem Kaftan Meryem Uzerli, Feyyaz Duman, Hakan Karsak, \u015eennur Nogaylar, Burcu Saliho\u011flu Ay\u015fe returns from Germany to her Black Sea hometown and sets out to fulfill her mom's dying wish \u2014 to care for her beloved bee farms. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Magic for Humans Spain","tags":"  Antonio D\u00edaz In this Spanish adaptation of \"Magic for Humans,\" folks of all ages on the streets of Barcelona are amazed by tricks that inspire delight and wonder. foregin,show,foreginforegin,show,foregin"},{"title":"Ni de co\u00f1a","tags":" Fernando Ayll\u00f3n Nathalie Sese\u00f1a, Goyo Jim\u00e9nez, Jos\u00e9 Juan Vaquero, Jordi S\u00e1nchez, Ricardo Quevedo, Carolina Noriega, Max Marieges, Kik\u00edn Fern\u00e1ndez, Norma Nivia, Moi Camacho Trying to fix their relationships, four couples attend a spiritual retreat at a Caribbean resort, where temptation and mishaps add problems to the mix. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Pagglait","tags":" Umesh Bist Sanya Malhotra, Sayani Gupta, Ashutosh Rana, Raghuvir Yadav, Shruti Sharma, Sheeba Chaddha, Natasha Rastogi, Rajesh Tailang, Meghna Malik, Jameel Khan, Chetan Sharma, Ananya Khare, Bhupesh Pandya Widowed soon after marriage, a young woman grapples with an inability to grieve, quirky relatives and a startling discovery about her late husband. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Irregulars","tags":"  Mckell David, Thaddea Graham, Jojo Macari, Harrison Osterfield, Darci Shaw, Clarke Peters, Royce Pierreson, Henry Lloyd-Hughes A crew of misfits investigates a series of supernatural crimes in Victorian London for Dr. Watson and his shadowy associate, Sherlock Holmes. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Caught by a Wave","tags":" Massimiliano Camaiti Elvira Camarrone, Christian Roberto, Donatella Finocchiaro, Corrado Invernizzi, Vincenzo Amato, Manuela Ventura, Rosalba Battaglia, Daniele Pilli After falling in love at a sailing summer camp in Sicily, reality comes crashing down on a teenage couple when a harsh truth prompts a pivotal decision. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"DOTA: Dragon's Blood","tags":"  Yuri Lowenthal, Lara Pulver, Kari Wahlgren, Alix Wilton Regan, Troy Baker, Freya Tingley, Tony Todd A conflicted yet courageous Dragon Knight must use the power of the dragon within to stop a deadly demon in this epic fantasy based on the online game. animeanime"},{"title":"Pui Pui Molcar","tags":"   They\u2019re guinea pigs! And they\u2019re cars! The fuzzy and adorable molcars have lots of fun adventures in this delightful stop-motion animation. familyfamily"},{"title":"Secret Magic Control Agency","tags":" Aleksey Tsitsilin Nicholas Corda, Sylvana Joyce, Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld, Courtney Shaw, Erica Schroeder, Georgette Timoney, Mary O'Brady, Marc Thompson Hansel and Gretel of fairy tale fame \u2014 now acting as secret agents \u2014 must use magic, clever thinking and teamwork on a mission to find a missing king. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Seaspiracy","tags":" Ali Tabrizi  Passionate about ocean life, a filmmaker sets out to document the harm that humans do to marine species \u2014 and uncovers alarming global corruption. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Loyiso Gola: Unlearning","tags":" Kagiso Lediga Loyiso Gola South African comedian Loyiso Gola serves up filter-free humor as he riffs about race, identity, politics, and a school prank gone embarrassingly wrong! comedycomedy"},{"title":"Men on a Mission","tags":" Jung-ah Im Ho-dong Kang, Soo-geun Lee, Sang-min Lee, Young-chul Kim, Jang-hoon Seo, Hee-chul Kim, Kyung-hoon Min Male celebs play make-believe as high schoolers, welcoming star transfer students every week and engaging in battles of witty humor and slapstick. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Navillera","tags":"  Park In-hwan, Song Kang, Na Moon-hee, Hong Seung-hee, Cho Seong-ha, Kim Tae-hun, Cheong Hae-kyun, Kim Soo-jin, Jo Bok-rae, Kim Kwon A 70-year-old with a dream and a 23-year-old with a gift lift each other out of harsh realities and rise to the challenge of becoming ballerinos. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Philomena","tags":" Stephen Frears Judi Dench, Steve Coogan, Sophie Kennedy Clark, Mare Winningham, Barbara Jefford, Ruth McCabe, Peter Hermann, Sean Mahon, Anna Maxwell Martin, Michelle Fairley, Kate Fleetwood A kind-hearted Irishwoman teams with an acerbic journalist to find the son she was forced to give up for adoption 50 years ago. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Any Crybabies Around?","tags":" Takuma Sato Taiga Nakano, Riho Yoshioka, Kanichiro, Takashi Yamanaka, Kimiko Yo, Toshiro Yanagiba An immature young father in Akita becomes an outcast in his community after a media incident. Two years later he returns to ineptly try to make amends. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Hospital","tags":" Brody Chu Lin Po-Hung, Tai Bo, Jacqueline Zhu, Lei Hong, Hsu Lichi, Yoko Young, Samuel Gu, Eunice Lin In an abandoned hospital in Tainan, visitors seeking to communicate with their relatives' spirits are haunted by disturbing, supernatural occurrences. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Jiu Jitsu","tags":" Dimitri Logothetis Alain Moussi, Nicolas Cage, Tony Jaa, Rick Yune, Frank Grillo, Marie Avgeropoulos, JuJu Chan, Ryan Tarran, Eddie Steeples, Raymond Pinharry, Mary Makariou After the defeat of a celebrated war hero, an ancient order of fighters battles powerful space invaders as the fate of humanity hangs in the balance. actionaction"},{"title":"Mighty Morphin Power Rangers","tags":"  Austin St. John, Thuy Trang, Walter Jones, Amy Jo Johnson, David Yost, Jason David Frank, Johnny Yong Bosch, Karan Ashley, Steve Cardenas, Catherine Sutherland, Paul Schrier, Jason Narvy, David Fielding, Richard Steven Horvitz, Barbara Goodson Five average teens are chosen by an intergalactic wizard to become the Power Rangers, who must use their new powers to fight the evil Rita Repulsa. familyfamily"},{"title":"Country Comfort","tags":"  Katharine McPhee, Eddie Cibrian, Ricardo Hurtado, Jamie Martin Mann, Griffin McIntyre, Shiloh Verrico, Pyper Braun, Janet Varney, Eric Balfour After hitting the skids in her career, an aspiring country singer finds new life as a nanny for a handsome widower and his five charming children. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Formula 1: Drive to Survive","tags":"   Drivers, managers and team owners live life in the fast lane \u2013 both on and off the track \u2013 during one cutthroat season of Formula 1 racing. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Yin Yang Master","tags":" Li Weiran Chen Kun, Zhou Xun, Qu Chuxiao, Shen Yue, William Chan Wai-ting, Wang Likun, Cici Wang A feud erupts between realms, and Yin Yang master Qing Ming teams up with disgraced guard Yuan Boya to vanquish a demonic threat as a conspiracy looms. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Who's the Boss","tags":" Chinaza Onuzo Funke Akindele, Blossom Chukwujekwu, Sharon Ooja, Ini Dima-Okojie, Segun Arinze, Bolly Lomo, Beverly Osu, Tayo Faniran A young, overworked ad executive with an overbearing boss starts her own side hustle and invents an employer once her business begins to flourish. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"B: The Beginning","tags":"  Hiroaki Hirata, Yuki Kaji, Asami Seto, Hiroki Touchi, Minoru Inaba, Ami Koshimizu, Toshiyuki Toyonaga, Shintaro Tanaka, Atsushi Goto, Toshiyuki Morikawa, Kaito Ishikawa, Satomi Sato, Yu Kitada, Mitsuki Saiga, Kazuya Nakai, Nozomi Kameda, Makoto Awane Genius investigator Keith Flick rejoins the royal police force just as serial killer \"B\" emerges. Mysterious youth Koku may be an ally, or a target. anime,action,foreginanime,action,foregin"},{"title":"Deadly Illusions","tags":" Anna Elizabeth James Kristin Davis, Dermot Mulroney, Greer Grammer, Shanola Hampton, Marie Wagenman, Shylo Molina, Abella Bala, Shaun Wu After a bestselling novelist suffering from writer's block hires a new nanny for her children, the line between fiction and reality starts to blur. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Get the Goat","tags":" Vitor Brandt Matheus Nachtergaele, Edmilson Filho, Let\u00edcia Lima, Leandro Ramos, Evelyn Castro, Val\u00e9ria Vitoriano, Victor Allen, Renan Medeiros, Eyrio Okura, J\u00e9ssica Tamochunas, Marcondes Falc\u00e3o, Juliano Cazarr\u00e9 Two hapless cops find themselves in over their heads as they cross paths with dangerous criminals while searching for Celestina, a beloved goat mascot. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Nate Bargatze: The Greatest Average American","tags":" Troy Miller Nate Bargatze Nate Bargatze touches on Zoom comedy shows, losing his phone, hotel breakfast fails, animal caddies, new math and much more in this special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Skylines","tags":" Liam O'Donnell Lindsey Morgan, Jonathan Howard, Daniel Bernhardt, Rhona Mitra, James Cosmo, Yayan Ruhian, Alexander Siddig, Cha-Lee Yoon, Ieva Andrejevaite, Jeremy Fitzgerald When a mysterious alien virus begins to endanger humanity, an elite team of soldiers launches into space to end the threat for good. actionaction"},{"title":"The Fluffy Movie","tags":" Manny Rodriguez, Jay Lavender Gabriel Iglesias Comedian Gabriel Iglesias takes the stage in San Jose, California, for a stand-up performance featuring wild stories and even wilder impersonations. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Present","tags":" Farah Nabulsi Saleh Bakri, Maryam Kanj, Maryam Kamiel Basha, Ameer Khlawe, Ala' Hanani, Malak Abu Ghraibeh, Karam Elayyan, Leila Mouammar, Angie Saba Yusuf and his daughter set out to buy his wife an anniversary gift, a gesture demanding much patience and negotiation skills in the West Bank. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Catch.er","tags":" Walter Taylaur OC Ukeje, Blossom Chukwujekwu, Alexx Ekubo, Beverly Naya, Tope Tedela, Gbenro Ajibade, Omowunmi Dada, Kiki Omeili, Wofai Fada A man becomes the prime suspect in his wife's murder, but the police investigation soon widens to other potential culprits with hidden motives. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Operation Varsity Blues:\u00a0The\u00a0College\u00a0Admissions\u00a0Scandal","tags":" Chris Smith Matthew Modine Reenactments drive this documentary investigating the mastermind behind a scam to get the kids of rich and famous families into top US universities. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Under Suspicion: Uncovering the Wesphael Case","tags":" Alain Brunard  This docuseries follows the high-profile case of Belgian politician Bernard Wesphael, who was accused of murdering his wife in 2013. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Get on Up","tags":" Tate Taylor Chadwick Boseman, Nelsan Ellis, Dan Aykroyd, Viola Davis, Lennie James, Fred Melamed, Craig Robinson, Jill Scott, Octavia Spencer, Jacinte Blankenship Music legend James Brown makes a turbulent journey from humble origins to superstardom as the Godfather of Soul in this biopic starring Chadwick Boseman. drama,musicdrama,music"},{"title":"RebellComedy: Straight Outta the Zoo","tags":" Ladislaus Kiraly Khalid Bounouar, Alain Frei, Babak Ghassim, Benaissa Lamroubal, Salim Samatou, Hany Siam, Ususmango, DJ Wati The comics of RebellComedy take the stage and tackle mistaken identities, geriatric influencers, our flawed perceptions of animals and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Savages","tags":" Oliver Stone Taylor Kitsch, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Blake Lively, John Travolta, Benicio Del Toro, Salma Hayek, Demi\u00e1n Bichir, Sandra Echeverr\u00eda, Emile Hirsch, Joaqu\u00edn Cos\u00edo, Ali Wong With the help of a shady DEA agent, two weed entrepreneurs take on a merciless cartel leader who wants in on their business and kidnaps their lover. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Waffles + Mochi","tags":"  Michelle Zamora, Russ Walko, Michelle Obama, Jonathan Kidder, Diona Elise Burnett, Taleia Gilliam, Lyric Lewis, Andy Hayward, Piotr Michael, George Konner Curious puppet pals Waffles and Mochi travel the world exploring the wonders of food and culture while learning how to cook with fresh ingredients. familyfamily"},{"title":"Abla Fahita: Drama Queen","tags":"  Bassem Samra, Donia Maher, Zeina Mansour, Osama Abdallah, Mohamed El Swisi, Rehab Hussien Falsely incriminated, Abla Fahita is separated from her kids, but the self-indulgent diva will stop at nothing to redeem herself and reunite her family. action,foregin,comedyaction,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"C\/O Kaadhal","tags":" Hemambar Jasti Deepann, Vetri, Mumtaz Sorcar, Ayra, Karthik Rathnam, Sonia Giri, Nishesh, Shwetha Cutting across conventions and expectations, four brave love stories blossom in this Tamil remake of the 2018 Telugu film \"Care of Kancharapalem.\u201d drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The BFG","tags":" Steven Spielberg Mark Rylance, Ruby Barnhill, Penelope Wilton, Jemaine Clement, Rebecca Hall, Rafe Spall, Bill Hader, \u00d3lafur Darri \u00d3lafsson, Adam Godley, Michael Adamthwaite, Daniel Bacon, Jonathan Holmes, Chris Gibbs, Paul Moniz de Sa A little orphan meets up with a kind giant who's supposed to eat her but instead protects her from some truly horrible giants who terrorize them both. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"The Last Blockbuster","tags":" Taylor Morden  This nostalgic documentary reveals the real story of Blockbuster's demise, and how one last location in Oregon keeps the spirit of a bygone era alive. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Lost Pirate Kingdom","tags":"  James Oliver Wheatley, Sam Callis, Thomas Padley, Evan Milton, Samuel Collings, Miles Yekinni, Jack Waldouck, Mia Tomlinson, Kevin Howarth, Mark Gillis, George Watkins, Derek Jacobi The real-life pirates of the Caribbean violently plunder the world's riches and form a surprisingly egalitarian republic in this documentary series. documental,documental,actiondocumental,documental,action"},{"title":"Zero Chill","tags":"  Grace Beedie, Dakota Benjamin Taylor, Jade Ma, Jeremias Amoore, Leonardo Fontes, Anastasia Chocholat\u00e1, Sarah-Jane Potts, Doug Rao, Tanja Ribi\u010d, Oscar Skagerberg, Jerry Kwarteng Talented teen figure skater Kayla is forced to leave everything behind when her family follows her twin brother, Mac, to a prestigious hockey academy. foregin,family,dramaforegin,family,drama"},{"title":"\u00c7arsi Pazar","tags":" Muharrem G\u00fclmez Erdem Yener, Ayhan Ta\u015f, Emin Olcay, Muharrem G\u00fclmez, Elif Nur Kerk\u00fck, Tar\u0131k Papu\u00e7\u00e7uo\u011flu, Suzan Aksoy, Do\u011fa Konako\u011flu, Esin Eden, Deniz \u00d6zerman The slacker owner of a public bath house rallies his community to save it when a big developer comes to town to close it down and open a new mall. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Just In Time","tags":" Dolapo Adeleke Sarah Hassan, Stycie Waweru, Mawuli Gavor, Pierra Makena, Eve D'Souza, Christabel Jazz Mistri, Martin Githinji, Lydia Gitachu, Kagwe Mungai, Blessing Lung'Aho A meticulous clerk for a bookstore that has just been shuttered suddenly finds herself taking care of her cousin's witty 11-year-old daughter. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Love Alarm","tags":"  Kim So-hyun, Jung Ga-ram, Song Kang, Ko Min-si, Z. Hera, Shin Seung-ho, Lee Jae-eung, Song Sun-mi In a world where an app alerts people if someone in the vicinity likes them, Kim Jojo experiences young love while coping with personal adversities. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mucize","tags":" Mahsun K\u0131rm\u0131z\u0131g\u00fcl Talat Bulut, Mert Turak, Mahsun K\u0131rm\u0131z\u0131g\u00fcl, Erdem Yener, Erol Demir\u00f6z, Ali S\u00fcrmeli, Meral \u00c7etinkaya, B\u00fc\u015fra Pekin Sent away from his family to a remote mountain town, teacher Mahir helps the villagers build a school \u2013 and inspires a path to hope for them all. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Paper Lives","tags":" Can Ulkay \u00c7a\u011fatay Ulusoy, Emir Ali Do\u011frul, Ersin Ar\u0131c\u0131, Turgay Tan\u00fclk\u00fc, Selen \u00d6zt\u00fcrk, Osman \u0130skender Bayer, Tomris \u00c7etinel, Volkan \u00c7al\u0131\u015fkan, Mehmet Bahattin Gen\u00e7, Ok\u015fan B\u00fcy\u00fck In the streets of Istanbul, ailing waste warehouse worker Mehmet takes a small boy under his wing and must soon confront his own traumatic childhood. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Paradise PD","tags":"  Tom Kenny, David Herman, Sarah Chalke, Kyle Kinane, Dana Snyder, Cedric Yarbrough, Grey Griffin, John DiMaggio, Roger Black, Waco O'Guin An eager young rookie joins the ragtag small-town police force led by his dad as they bumble, squabble and snort their way through a big drug case. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Romantik Komedi","tags":" Ketche Sedef Avc\u0131, Cemal H\u00fcnal, Beg\u00fcm K\u00fct\u00fck, Engin Altan D\u00fczyatan, Sinem Kobal, G\u00fcrgen \u00d6z, Burcu Kara, Kubilay Penbeklio\u011flu Bored with her life and inspired by a friend's wedding, Esra quits her job and dumps her boyfriend, leading to a series of romantic misadventures. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Romantik Komedi 2: Bekarl\u0131\u011fa Veda","tags":" Erol \u00d6zlevi Sinem Kobal, Engin Altan D\u00fczyatan, Sedef Avc\u0131, Cemal H\u00fcnal, Burcu Kara, G\u00fcrgen \u00d6z, \u00d6yk\u00fc \u00c7elik, G\u00f6k\u00e7e \u00d6zyol Didem tries everything to get actor Cem to propose to her, but he's got other things on his mind: a beautiful new co-star and a secret bachelor party. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The One","tags":"  Hannah Ware, Zo\u00eb Tapper, Dimitri Leonidas, Amir El-Masry, Lois Chimimba, Eric Kofi-Abrefa, Pallavi Sharda, Jana P\u00e9rez, Diarmaid Murtagh, Gregg Chillin, Wilf Scolding, Stephen Campbell Moore, Simone Kirby, Albano Jer\u00f3nimo, Eduardo Lloveras, Miguel Amorim Love \u2014 and lies \u2014 spiral when a DNA researcher helps discover a way to find the perfect partner, and creates a bold new matchmaking service. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"YES DAY","tags":" Miguel Arteta Jennifer Garner, Edgar Ram\u00edrez, Jenna Ortega, Julian Lerner, Everly Carganilla, Tracie Thoms, Fortune Feimster, Nat Faxon, Arturo Castro A mom and dad who usually say no decide to say yes to their kids' wildest requests \u2014 with a few ground rules \u2014 on a whirlwind day of fun and adventure. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"You're Everything To Me","tags":" Tolga \u00d6rnek Tolga \u00c7evik, Cengiz Bozkurt, Melis Birkan, Tuna \u00c7evik When an old fling shows up with their infant child, a dallying man-child must take on the role of father and create a fairytale world for his daughter. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Coven of Sisters","tags":" Pablo Ag\u00fcero Alex Brendem\u00fchl, Amaia Aberasturi, Daniel Fanego, Garazi Urkola, Yune Nogueiras, Jone Laspiur, Irati Saez de Urabain, Lorea Ibarra Basque Country, 1609. To postpone their execution, a group of women accused of witchcraft lure their inquisitor into witnessing the witches' Sabbath. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Generasi 90an: Melankolia","tags":" Mohammad Irfan Ramly Ari Irham, Aghniny Haque, Taskya Namya, Marcella Zalianty, Gunawan Sudrajat, Jennifer Coppen After the devastating loss of a loved one, Abby forms a bond with his sister's best friend as he struggles to move on. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Block Island Sound","tags":" Kevin McManus, Matthew McManus Chris Sheffield, Michaela McManus, Neville Archambault, Ryan O'Flanagan, Matilda Lawler, Jim Cummings, Jeremy Holm, Heidi Niedermeyer, Willie C. Carpenter, Matthew Lawler On an island, a fisherman's family faces horrors and dark truths when an ominous force begins killing the wildlife and puts their own lives in danger. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Dealer","tags":" Ange Basterga, Nicolas Lopez Abdramane Diakit\u00e9, Mohamed Boudouh, S\u00e9bastien Houbani, Idir Azougli, Julien Meurice, Abdillah Assoumani, Jean-Toussaint Bernard, Romain Vissol Tensions erupt when two filmmakers infiltrate an area ruled by gangs to shoot a music video for a rapper in this gritty found-footage series. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"The Houseboat","tags":"  Olli Schulz, Fynn Kliemann With plenty of passion and little know-how, two musicians undertake a daunting project: turn a late singer's houseboat into a creative musical space. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Bombay Begums","tags":"  Pooja Bhatt, Shahana Goswami, Amruta Subhash, Plabita Borthakur, Aadhya Anand, Manish Chaudhary, Vivek Gomber, Danish Husain, Rahul Bose, Imaaduddin Shah, Sanghmitra Hitaishi From boardrooms to society's margins, five ambitious women from various walks of life navigate dreams, desires and disappointments in modern Mumbai. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Bombay Rose","tags":" Gitanjali Rao Cyli Khare, Gargi Shitole, Amardeep Jha, Amit Deondi, Makrand Deshpande, Virendra Saxena, Shishir Sharma Amidst the bustle of a magnetic and multifaceted city, the budding love between two dreamers is tested. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"My Way","tags":"  Sherine, Ahmed Fahmi, Bassel Khaiat, Sawsan Badr, Mahmoud El Gendy, Mohammad Adel, Tamim Abdou, Nada Moussa, Tharaa Jubail, Mohamed Mamdouh, Basma Yasser, Laila Ezz El Arab In the 1970s, an aspiring singer struggles to prove herself in the face of challenges posed by her strict upbringing and romantic choices. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Aelay","tags":" Halitha Shameem P. Samuthirakani, Manikandan, Madhumathi Padmanathan, Akalyadevi B., S I Neelambari A son stoically returns to his village upon his father\u2019s death, recalling their chilly dynamic before a bizarre event disrupts his visit. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"City of Ghosts","tags":"  August Nu\u00f1ez, Blue Chapman, Kirikou S'hai Muldrow, Michael Ren, Angel Chipagua, Honor Calderon Meet the Ghost Club! Their adventures take them all around Los Angeles as they interview ghosts, solve problems and learn about their city's history. familyfamily"},{"title":"Dogwashers","tags":" Carlos Moreno Christian Tappan, Anderson Ballesteros, John \u00c1lex Toro, Ulises Gonz\u00e1lez, Leonor L\u00f3pez, Hector Mauricio Mejia, Johnnie Castillo, Isabella Licht Delgado, Marlon P\u00e9rez Cruz, Kevin Andr\u00e9s Mu\u00f1oz When a narco past his prime refuses to pay a debt to an upstart, only a secret stash of money can save his men. But guess what the gardener just found? comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Fate of Alakada","tags":" Kayode Kasum Toyin Abraham, Broda Shaggi, Calabar Chic, Munirat Antoinette Lecky, Khafi Kareem, Bukola Oshibowale, Adebimpe Akintunde, Temisan Emmanuel, Olaniyi Afonja, Sydney Egere Faking her way through any situation, a social media influencer poses as an event planner and is tasked with throwing an extravagant, star-studded bash. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Nevenka: Breaking the Silence","tags":" Maribel S\u00e1nchez-Maroto  Nevenka Fern\u00e1ndez, the plaintiff in Spain's first successful lawsuit against a politician for sexual harassment, breaks her silence after 20 years. documental,foregin,foregindocumental,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Sentinelle","tags":" Julien Leclercq Olga Kurylenko, Marilyn Lima, Michel Nabokoff, Martin Swabey, Carole Weyers, Andrey Gorlenko, Antonia Malinova, Gabriel Almaer, Blaise Afonso, Guillaume Duhesme, Michel Biel Transferred home after a traumatizing combat mission, a highly trained French soldier uses her lethal skills to hunt down the man who hurt her sister. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Mariposa","tags":" Fajar Bustomi Adhisty Zara, Angga Yunanda, Dannia Salsabila, Abun Sungkar, Junior Roberts, Syakir Daulay, Ariyo Wahab, Ersa Mayori, Baim Wong, Irgi Fahrezi New student Acha falls for Iqbal, a high-achieving student who's torn between love and family pressure. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Pacific Rim: The Black","tags":"  Gideon Adlon, Calum Worthy, Erica Lindbeck, Victoria Grace, Andrew McPhee After Kaiju ravage Australia, two siblings pilot a Jaeger to search for their parents, encountering new creatures, seedy characters and chance allies. animeanime"},{"title":"Parker","tags":" Taylor Hackford Jason Statham, Jennifer Lopez, Michael Chiklis, Wendell Pierce, Clifton Collins Jr., Bobby Cannavale, Patti LuPone, Carlos Carrasco, Micah Hauptman, Emma Booth, Nick Nolte Parker is a thief \u2013 but he has scruples. So when his crew double-crosses him, Parker teams up with an unlikely partner to even the score. actionaction"},{"title":"Safe Haven","tags":" Lasse Hallstr\u00f6m Josh Duhamel, Julianne Hough, Cobie Smulders, David Lyons, Noah Lomax, Mimi Kirkland When a mysterious woman arrives in a small North Carolina town, she begins a new life but remains haunted by a terrifying secret. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Moxie","tags":" Amy Poehler Hadley Robinson, Lauren Tsai, Patrick Schwarzenegger, Nico Hiraga, Sydney Park, Josephine Langford, Clark Gregg, Josie Totah, Alycia  Pascual-Pe\u00f1a, Anjelika Washington, Charlie Hall, Sabrina Haskett, Ike Barinholtz, Amy Poehler, Marcia Gay Harden Inspired by her mom's rebellious past and a confident new friend, a shy 16-year-old publishes an anonymous zine calling out sexism at her school. comedy,drama,musiccomedy,drama,music"},{"title":"Murder Among the Mormons","tags":" Jared Hess, Tyler Measom  High-stakes exploits turn deadly \u2014 and shake a global church to its core \u2014 in this extraordinary true crime story. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Black or White","tags":" Mike Binder Kevin Costner, Octavia Spencer, Jillian Estell, Bill Burr, Mpho Koaho, Anthony Mackie, Jennifer Ehle, Andr\u00e9 Holland, Gillian Jacobs, Paula Newsome A widowed lawyer struggles to retain custody of his biracial granddaughter when the girl's paternal grandmother questions his competence. dramadrama"},{"title":"Indoo Ki Jawani","tags":" Abir Sengupta Kiara Advani, Aditya Seal, Mallika Dua, Rakesh Bedi, Rajendra Sethi, Chittaranjan Tripathi, Rajesh Jais, Alka Badola Kaushal A spirited but naive young woman seeks a one-night stand, but after discovering her date\u2019s real identity, things quickly go from casual to complicated. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Word Party","tags":"  Victor Yerrid, Alice Dinnean, Alon Williams, Donna Kimball, John Munro Cameron, John Tartaglia, Arty Casas, Dorien Davies, Misty Rosas, Patina Miller Meet Bailey, Franny, Kip and Lulu. They're adorable baby animals, and they want you to join the party and help them learn! familyfamily"},{"title":"Biggie: I Got a Story to Tell","tags":" Emmett Malloy The Notorious B.I.G., Sean \"P. Diddy\" Combs Featuring rare footage and in-depth interviews, this documentary celebrates the life of The Notorious B.I.G. on his journey from hustler to rap king. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Dances with Wolves","tags":" Kevin Costner Kevin Costner, Mary McDonnell, Rodney Grant, Graham Greene, Floyd \"Red Crow\" Westerman, Tantoo Cardinal, Robert Pastorelli, Charles Rocket, Maury Chaykin, Jimmy Herman On the frontier, a Civil War soldier bonds with a Sioux tribe and adapts to their way of life, becoming their ally amid growing threats. action,classic,dramaaction,classic,drama"},{"title":"How to Be Really Bad","tags":" Marco Petry Emma Bading, Janina Fautz, Ludwig Simon, Samuel Finzi, Emilio Sakraya, Oliver Korittke, Alwara H\u00f6fels, Matilda Marz, Amina Merai, Johann von B\u00fclow, Axel Stein, Theo Trebs The devil's sassy (and bored) daughter makes a deal with her dad: If she can turn a good person evil, she gets to ditch hell and stay on Earth. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"LEGO Marvel Spider-Man: Vexed by Venom","tags":" Andrew Duncan, Ken Cunningham Robbie Daymond, Ben Pronsky, Josh Keaton, Tara Strong, Jennifer Hale, Laura Bailey When Green Goblin and Venom team up for a disastrous scheme, Spider-Man calls in a wall-crawling ally and must rely on his Spidey senses to stop them. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Rain Man","tags":" Barry Levinson Dustin Hoffman, Tom Cruise, Valeria Golino, Gerald R. Molen, Jack Murdock, Michael D. Roberts, Ralph Seymour, Lucinda Jenney, Bonnie Hunt Motivated by money, a selfish workaholic seeking a piece of his late father's inheritance takes a life-changing road trip with his estranged brother. classic,dramaclassic,drama"},{"title":"Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny","tags":" Liam Lynch Jack Black, Kyle Gass, JR Reed, Troy Gentile, Ronnie James Dio, Paul F. Tompkins, Ned Bellamy, Fred Armisen, Kirk Ward, Amy Poehler, Tim Robbins, Dave Grohl, Ben Stiller Dreaming of being a rock god, Midwesterner JB heads to California, where he crosses paths with idler KG \u2013 giving rise to the musical duo Tenacious D. comedy,classic,musiccomedy,classic,music"},{"title":"TIGER & BUNNY","tags":"  Hiroaki Hirata, Masakazu Morita, Koji Yusa, Minako Kotobuki, Yuhko Kaida, Go Inoue, Kenjiro Tsuda, Mariya Ise, Taiten Kusunoki, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Keiji Fujiwara In an alternate New York City protected by a band of superheroes called NEXT, veteran Wild Tiger is forced to team up with rookie Barnaby Brooks Jr. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Bigfoot Family","tags":" J\u00e9r\u00e9mie Degruson, Ben Stassen Jules Wojciechowski, Roger Craig Smith, Grant George, David Lodge, Lindsey Alena, Sandy Fox, Joey Lotsko Bigfoot\u2019s now a big deal. So when he goes missing, his shy but tech-savvy teen son must take on an evil CEO to save his family and a wildlife preserve. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Captain Fantastic","tags":" Matt Ross Viggo Mortensen, Frank Langella, George MacKay, Samantha Isler, Annalise Basso, Nicholas Hamilton, Shree Crooks, Charlie Shotwell, Ann Dowd, Erin Moriarty, Missi Pyle, Kathryn Hahn, Steve Zahn A father raising his children off the grid begins to question his anti-establishment, utopian views when a tragic loss pulls them back into society. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Crazy About Her","tags":" Dani de la Orden \u00c1lvaro Cervantes, Susana Abaitua, Luis Zahera, Clara Segura, Aixa Villagr\u00e1n, Paula Malia, Nil Cardoner, Txell Aixendri, Alberto San Juan After spending a wild night together, Adri discovers the only way to see Carla again is to become a patient at the psychiatric center where she resides. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Fuga","tags":" Pablo Larra\u00edn Benjam\u00edn Vicu\u00f1a, Gast\u00f3n Pauls, Alfredo Castro, Francisca Imboden, H\u00e9ctor Noguera, Mar\u00eda Izquierdo, Willy Semler, Alejandro Trejo, Mateo Iribarren, Marcial Tagle, Paulina Urrutia A struggling music student discovers and tries to complete an unfinished symphony begun by a famous composer, whose career was ended by a past trauma. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"No Escape","tags":" John Erick Dowdle Owen Wilson, Lake Bell, Pierce Brosnan, Sterling Jerins, Claire Geare, Thanawut Ketsaro, Chatchawai Kamonsakpitak, Sahajak Boonthanakit Soon after relocating to Southeast Asia, an American family lands in the midst of a violent coup that could cost them their lives. actionaction"},{"title":"Our Idiot Brother","tags":" Jesse Peretz Paul Rudd, Elizabeth Banks, Zooey Deschanel, Emily Mortimer, Kathryn Hahn, Steve Coogan, Rashida Jones, Hugh Dancy, Shirley Knight, Adam Scott, T.J. Miller A seemingly clueless idealist relies on his exasperated sisters for shelter and support after his girlfriend dumps him and his dog is taken away. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Girl on the Train","tags":" Ribhu Dasgupta Parineeti Chopra, Aditi Rao Hydari, Kirti Kulhari, Avinash Tiwary, Tota Roy Chowdhury A troubled divorc\u00e9e fixates on a seemingly ideal couple from afar until a shocking observation sends her spiraling straight into a knotty murder case. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Tony Manero","tags":" Pablo Larra\u00edn Alfredo Castro, Paola Lattus, H\u00e9ctor Morales, Amparo Noguera, Elsa Poblete Amid the violence of Pinochet's reign in 1978 Chile, emotionally dead Ra\u00fal finds escape in his obsession over the protagonist in \"Saturday Night Fever.\" drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Who Am I","tags":" Baran bo Odar Tom Schilling, Elyas M'Barek, Wotan Wilke M\u00f6hring, Antoine Monot Jr., Hannah Herzsprung, Stephan Kampwirth, Trine Dyrholm, Leopold Hornung, Leonard Carow After his compatriots are murdered by Russian gangsters, a hacker confesses the history of his elite, fame-seeking group to a Europol investigator. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"El final del para\u00edso","tags":"  Carmen Villalobos, Catherine Siachoque, Fabi\u00e1n R\u00edos, Gregorio Pern\u00eda, Kimberly Reyes, Stephan\u00eda Duque, Elianis Garrido, Carolina Gait\u00e1n, Juan Pablo Urrego, Juan Pablo Gamboa In Colombia, the DEA's new director targets a gang of dealers pushing a powerful drug while contending with an enemy who possesses a deep network. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Geez & Ann","tags":" Rizki Balki Hanggini, Junior Roberts, Roy Sungkono, Shenina Cinnamon, Ashira Zamita, Amel Carla, Davina Karamoy, Naimma Aljufri, Andi Viola, Jasmine Elfira Burhan, Kezia Aletheia, Dewi Rezer, Ersa Mayori, Indra Brasco, Bobby Samuel, Ady Sky, Farhan Rasyid After falling for Geez, a heartthrob at school, Ann must confront family opposition, heartache and deception as their romance struggles. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sin senos s\u00ed hay para\u00edso","tags":"  Catherine Siachoque, Fabi\u00e1n R\u00edos, Carolina Gait\u00e1n, Juan Pablo Urrego, Majida Issa, Johanna Fadul, C\u00e9sar Mora, Juan Pablo Llano, Carmen Villalobos, Francisco Bol\u00edvar, Jennifer Arenas, Luigi Aycardi, Juli\u00e1n Beltr\u00e1n, Stefan\u00eda G\u00f3mez, Diana Acevedo, Joselyn Gallardo, Jairo Ord\u00f3\u00f1ez, Oscar Salazar, Gregorio Pern\u00eda, Carolina Sep\u00falveda, Javier Jattin, Juan Alfonso Baptista Born into a small town controlled by the mafia, an irate young woman seeks revenge on the forces that tore apart and wrongfully imprisoned her family. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Age of Samurai: Battle for Japan","tags":"  Masayoshi Haneda, Masami Kosaka, Hideaki Ito, Hayate, Wilfred Lee, Philippe Koo Dynamic reenactments and expert commentaries bring to life the tumultuous history and power struggles of a warring 16th-century feudal Japan. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Blue, Painful, Fragile","tags":" Shunsuke Kariyama Ryo Yoshizawa, Hana Sugisaki, Amane Okayama, Honoka Matsumoto, Hiroya Shimizu, Nana Mori, Mizuki Kayashima, Ken Mitsuishi, Tasuku Emoto Kaede and Hisano form a club to change the world. When Hisano vanishes, Kaede throws himself into bringing the club back to its idealistic roots. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Canine Intervention","tags":"  Jas Leverette No dog, no breed, no behavior is unfixable for Cali K9's Jas Leverette. Follow the Oakland dog trainer as he works with a range of canines and owners. showshow"},{"title":"Ginny & Georgia","tags":"  Brianne Howey, Antonia Gentry, Diesel La Torraca, Jennifer Robertson, Felix Mallard, Sara Waisglass, Scott Porter, Raymond Ablack Free-spirited Georgia and her two kids, Ginny and Austin, move north in search of a fresh start but find that the road to new beginnings can be bumpy. romance,comedy,dramaromance,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Two Sentence Horror Stories","tags":"  Nicole Kang, Jim Parrack, Tara Pacheco, Christopher Shyer, Kimberley Wong, Wai Ching Ho, Greta Quispe, Zaria Degenhardt, Uly Schlesinger, Kate Jennings Grant, Aleyse Shannon, Guillermo Arribas, Jaiden Smith, Pepper Binkley, Mikelle Wright-Matos, Melinda Mo This anthology series of terror features diverse characters facing primal fears in spine-chilling situations that stretch past daily routine. suspense,showsuspense,show"},{"title":"Brian Regan: On the Rocks","tags":" Troy Miller Brian Regan Brian Regan tackles the big issues weighing on him, including aging, time, obsessive behavior, backpacks on airplanes, ungrateful horses and raisins. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Made You Look: A True Story About Fake Art","tags":" Barry Avrich  A woman walks into a New York gallery with a cache of unknown masterworks. Thus begins a story of art world greed, willfulness and a high-stakes con. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Pel\u00e9","tags":" David Tryhorn, Ben Nicholas  Against the backdrop of a turbulent era in Brazil, this documentary captures Pel\u00e9\u2019s extraordinary path from breakthrough talent to national hero. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Red","tags":" Tirumala Kishore Ram Pothineni, Nivetha Pethuraj, Malvika Sharma, Amritha Aiyer, Sampath Raj A murder investigation leads police to a photo of a suspect, but when two men are found with faces that match the picture, the case gets doubly tricky. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Zindagi in Short","tags":"   Complicated marriages, digital romances, domestic dilemmas and schoolyard bullies get the spotlight in these seven, slice-of-life short films. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The Conjuring","tags":" James Wan Vera Farmiga, Patrick Wilson, Lili Taylor, Ron Livingston, Shanley Caswell, Hayley McFarland, Joey King, Mackenzie Foy, Kyla Deaver, Shannon Kook When a family starts experiencing supernatural terrors after moving into a Rhode Island farmhouse, they seek the help of a pair of noted demonologists. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Conjuring 2","tags":" James Wan Patrick Wilson, Vera Farmiga, Madison Wolfe, Frances O'Connor, Lauren Esposito, Benjamin Haigh, Patrick McAuley, Simon McBurney, Maria Doyle Kennedy, Simon Delaney, Franka Potente After her daughter unwittingly releases a malevolent spirit in their house in London, a woman enlists the Warrens' help to confront the evil presence. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Vincenzo","tags":"  Song Joong-ki, Jeon Yeo-been, Ok Taec-yeon, Yoo Jae-myung, Kim Yeo-jin, Kwak Dong-yeon, Cho Han-cheul During a visit to his motherland, a Korean-Italian mafia lawyer gives an unrivaled conglomerate a taste of its own medicine with a side of justice. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Classmates Minus","tags":" Huang Hsin-Yao Shih Ming-shuai, Cheng Jen-shuo, Nadow Lin, Liu Kuan-ting, Chen Yi-wen, Lotus Wang, Ada Pan, Hung Shiao-ling, Jacqueline Zhu, Evelyn Zheng Yu-tong Four school buddies \u2014 a director, a temp worker, an insurance salesman and a paper craftsman \u2014 grapple with unfulfilled dreams amid middle age ennui. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Fate: The Winx Saga - The Afterparty","tags":"  David Spade, London Hughes, Fortune Feimster, Abigail Cowen, Hannah Van Der Westhuysen, Precious Mustapha, Eliot Salt, Elisha Applebaum Stars of the fiery hit discuss the show's magic, play trivia and chow down on hot wings. Then, Taylor Tomlinson shares how she would use fairy powers. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Operation Finale","tags":" Chris Weitz Oscar Isaac, Ben Kingsley, Lior Raz, M\u00e9lanie Laurent, Nick Kroll, Joe Alwyn, Haley Lu Richardson, Michael Aronov, Peter Strauss, Ohad Knoller, Torben Liebrecht, Greta Scacchi, Pepe Rapazote In 1960, Israeli spies undertake a daring mission to capture notorious Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann and bring him to justice. Based on real events. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"I Care a Lot","tags":" J Blakeson Rosamund Pike, Peter Dinklage, Eiza Gonz\u00e1lez, Dianne Wiest, Chris Messina, Isiah Whitlock Jr., Macon Blair, Alicia Witt, Damian Young A court-appointed legal guardian defrauds her older clients and traps them under her care. But her latest mark comes with some unexpected baggage. comedy,lgbt,suspensecomedy,lgbt,suspense"},{"title":"Love","tags":" Khalid Rahman Shine Tom Chacko, Rajisha Vijayan, Gokulan, Sudhi Koppa, Veena Nandakumar, Johny Antony The troubling inner workings of a toxic marriage reveal themselves in surprising ways after one of the couple\u2019s feuds spins out of control. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Per\u00fa: Tesoro escondido","tags":" Luis Ara  It's a country steeped in cultural traditions that stretch back more than 1,000 years. But Peru is also a land of surprising natural riches. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Pitta Kathalu","tags":" Tharun Bhascker Dhaassyam, B. V. Nandini Reddy, Nag Ashwin, Sankalp Reddy Manchu Lakshmi, Saanve Megghana, Naveen Kumar, Jagapathi Babu, Amala Paul, Aswin Kakamanu, Shruthi Haasan, Sanjith Hegde, Sangeeth Shoban, Anish Kuruvilla, Uko, Dayanand Reddy, Thanmayi, Satya Dev, Eesha Rebba, Srinivas Avasarala, Ashima Narwal From secrets and lies to jealousy and control, four stories in this anthology film explore the darker, deceptive sides of love. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Tribes of Europa","tags":"  Henriette Confurius, Emilio Sakraya, David Ali Rashed, Oliver Masucci, Melika Foroutan, Ana Ularu, Robert Finster In post-apocalyptic Europe, amid wars among microstates, three siblings fight for survival as a greater threat looms over the continent. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Eeb Allay Ooo!","tags":" Prateek Vats Shardul Bhardwaj, Nutan Sinha, Shashi Bhushan, Mahinder Nath, Nitin Goel, Naina Sareen Hired as a monkey repeller upon moving to Delhi, a young man struggles to find his footing in his unenviable job and his place in the unforgiving world. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Hello, Me!","tags":"  Choi Kang-hee, Kim Young-kwang, Lee Re, Um Mun-suk, Kim You-mi, Ji Seung-hyun, Yoon Joo-sang, Baek Hyun-joo, Kim Yong-rim, Kim Byung-choon, Yun Bok-in, Jung Yi-rang, Moon Seong-hyun, Kim Mi-hwa, Kim Do-yeon, Choi Dae-chul, Kang Tae-ju, Park Chul-min, Jung Dae-ro, Shin Mun-seong, Kim Ki-ri, Koh Woo-ri, Choi Tae-hwan Miserable and unsuccessful, a woman thinks she's lost all her spark \u2014 until one day, her spunky younger self appears in front of her demanding change. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"No Escape Room","tags":" Alex Merkin Jeni Ross, Mark Ghanim\u00e9, Hamza Haq, Kathyrn Davis, Dennis Andres, Brianna Barnes A lighthearted bonding opportunity takes a dark and decidedly dangerous turn when a father and daughter try out an escape room in a small town. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Sisyphus","tags":"  Cho Seung-woo, Park Shin-hye, Sung Dong-il, Tae In-ho, Chae Jong-hyeop, Jeong He-in, Kim Jong-tae, Choi Jung-woo, Go Yoon, Heo Joon-seok, Jeon Kook-hwan, Tae Won-seok An unfathomable incident introduces a genius engineer to dangerous secrets of the world \u2014 and to a woman from the future who's come looking for him. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Amend: The Fight for America","tags":"  Will Smith, Mahershala Ali, Laverne Cox, Utkarsh Ambudkar, Bambadjan Bamba, Sterling K. Brown, Bobby Cannavale, Rafael Casal, Whitney Cummings, Daveed Diggs, Hannah Gadsby, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Graham Greene, Diane Guerrero, Helen Hunt, Joshua Jackson, Samuel L. Jackson, Aja Naomi King, Diane Lane, Ki Hong Lee, Gabriel Luna, Marsai Martin, Dermot Mulroney, Tig Notaro, Jae Suh Park, Randall Park, Pedro Pascal, Yara Shahidi, Alia Shawkat, Algee Smith, Willow Smith, Courtney B. Vance, Lena Waithe, Samira Wiley, Larry Wilmore Will Smith hosts this look at the evolving, often lethal, fight for equal rights in America through the lens of the US Constitution's 14th Amendment. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Behind Her Eyes","tags":"  Simona Brown, Eve Hewson, Tom Bateman, Robert Aramayo, Tyler Howitt, Georgie Glen A single mother enters a world of twisted mind games when she begins an affair with her psychiatrist boss while secretly befriending his mysterious wife. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"MeatEater","tags":"  Steven Rinella Steven Rinella scrounges in some of America's wildest terrains in this unscripted series showing him on the hunt for wild animals from ducks to deer. documental,show,documentaldocumental,show,documental"},{"title":"The Most Unknown","tags":" Ian Cheney  Traversing disciplines from physics to psychology, nine scientists share ideas and seek common ground by delving into deep existential questions. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Animals on the Loose: A You vs. Wild Movie","tags":" Ben Simms Bear Grylls When wild animals escape from a sanctuary, Bear Grylls \u2014 and you \u2014 must pursue them and secure their protective habitat. An interactive special. familyfamily"},{"title":"Awara Paagal Deewana","tags":" Vikram Bhatt Akshay Kumar, Sunil Shetty, Aftab Shivdasani, Preeti Jhangiani, Amrita Arora, Aarti Chhabria, Paresh Rawal, Johny Lever, Rahul Dev, Supriya Pilgaonkar A dentist unwittingly becomes caught in the madcap fight between two criminal brothers-in-law trying to kill one another off to claim their inheritance. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Good Girls","tags":"  Christina Hendricks, Retta, Mae Whitman, Matthew Lillard, Reno Wilson, Manny Montana, Lidya Jewett, Izzy Stannard, David Hornsby, Zach Gilford Three suburban moms orchestrate a local grocery store heist to escape financial ruin and establish independence \u2013 together. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"The Resurrection of Gavin Stone","tags":" Dallas Jenkins Brett Dalton, Anjelah Johnson-Reyes, D.B. Sweeney, Neil Flynn, Shawn Michaels, Patrick Gagnon, Tim Frank, Tara Rios, Liam Matthews, Mary Thornton After one too many run-ins with the law, a Hollywood bad boy finds redemption while fulfilling his court-ordered community service at a megachurch. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Booba","tags":"  Roman Karev The world is a mystery to little Booba. But he approaches the curiosities around him with wonder, finding adventure in his everyday surroundings. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"My Teacher, My Obsession","tags":" Dami\u00e1n Romay Lucy Loken, Laura Bilgeri, Rusty Joiner, Alexandria Deberry, Dakota Bruton, Theresa Sutera, Vin Morreale Jr., Shelby Alicea, Tyler Joseph Campbell, Lestonja Diaz When Riley changed schools, she didn't expect the girls to crush on her English teacher dad. And he didn't expect a disturbing infatuation. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Crew","tags":"  Kevin James, Sarah Stiles, Jillian Mueller, Freddie Stroma, Gary Anthony Williams, Dan Ahdoot Life in the garage swerves off track for a NASCAR crew chief and his tight-knit racing team when a new boss steps in and shakes things up. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Namaste Wahala","tags":" Hamisha Daryani Ahuja Ini Dima-Okojie, Ruslaan Mumtaz, Richard Mofe-Damijo, Joke Silva, Sujata Sehgal, Koye Kekere Ekun, Hamisha Daryani Ahuja, Anee Icha, Ibrahim Suleiman, Osas Ighodaro, Broda Shaggi An interracial romance hits humorous and heart-wrenching hiccups as the couple's parents fight tooth and nail against their relationship. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Monsoon","tags":" Hong Khaou Henry Golding, Parker Sawyers, Molly Harris, David Tran A reflective man must come to terms with his forced displacement from Vietnam when he returns to his birthplace to spread his parents' ashes. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Buried by the Bernards","tags":"   In this reality series, the bickering but big-hearted Bernards manage their budget-friendly funeral home while helping grieving families say farewell. showshow"},{"title":"Chappelle's Show","tags":"  Dave Chappelle The brilliant Dave Chappelle performs blistering stand-up, impressions and sketches that skewer topics like racism, politics, celebrities and sex. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Hate by Dani Rovira","tags":" Mario Briongos Dani Rovira From his hometown of M\u00e1laga, Dani Rovira reflects on human beings\u2019 nonsensical hatred in this hilarious and unfiltered comedy special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mundina Nildana","tags":" Vinay Bharadwaj Praveen Tej, Radhika Narayan, Ananya Kashyap, Ajay Raj, Dattanna, Shankar Ashwath, Kshama Santosh Rai, Diksha Sharma As three young professionals chase their wildly different dreams, their relationships with each other indelibly impact their journeys of self-discovery. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Nadiya Bakes","tags":"  Nadiya Hussain Delightful cakes and heavenly breads pop from the oven as Nadiya Hussain returns to baking, her happy place, and spotlights creative kindred spirits. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"To All The Boys: Always And Forever","tags":" Michael Fimognari Lana Condor, Noah Centineo, Janel Parrish, Anna Cathcart, Ross Butler, Madeleine Arthur, Emilija Baranac, Trezzo Mahoro, Sarayu Blue, John Corbett, Kelcey Mawema, Sofia Black-D'Elia, Henry Thomas Senior year of high school takes center stage as Lara Jean returns from a family trip to Korea and considers her college plans \u2014 with and without Peter. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Xico's Journey","tags":" Eric D. Cabello D\u00edaz Ver\u00f3nica Alva, Pablo Gama Iturrar\u00e1n \u201cMago Gamini\u201d, Luis \u00c1ngel Jaramillo, Lila Downs, Elena Poniatowska, Ver\u00f3nica Castro, Enrique Guzm\u00e1n, Alex Lora, Marco Antonio Sol\u00eds, V\u00edctor Trujillo A girl, a dog and her best pal set out to save a mountain from a gold-hungry corporation. But the key lies closer to home, with her sidekick pup, Xico. familyfamily"},{"title":"Capitani","tags":"  Luc Schiltz, Sophie Mousel, Claude De Demo, Joe Dennenwald, Konstantin Rommelfangen, Jules Werner, Jil Devresse, Julie Kieffer In a Luxembourg village where everyone is keeping secrets, gruff police inspector Luc Capitani investigates the suspicious death of a 15-year-old girl. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"El Chema","tags":"  Mauricio Ochmann, Mariana Seoane, Julio Bracho, Sergio Basa\u00f1ez, Itat\u00ed Cantoral, Jorge Luis V\u00e1zquez Follow one man's epic journey as he transforms from wily underage drug smuggler to one of the world's most infamous cartel leaders. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"Growing up and other problems","tags":" Clara Mart\u00ednez-L\u00e1zaro Silvia Alonso, B\u00e1rbara Goenaga, Mar\u00eda Esteve, Vito Sanz, Francesco Carril A 30-something woman without a steady partner or income samples stability when her pregnant best friend asks her to be the godmother of her child. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Layla Majnun","tags":" Monty Tiwa Reza Rahadian, Acha Septriasa, Baim Wong, Beby Tsabina, Dian Nitami, Uli Herdinansyah, Natasha Rizki, Eriska Rein, Landung Simatupang, August Melasz, Chantiq Schagerl, Cut Ashifa, Aida Cabiyeva, Murad Ismayil, Nadya Arina, Augie Fantinus, Angelia Livie, Ernanto Kusumo While in Azerbaijan, Layla, an Indonesian scholar, falls for Samir, an admirer of her work \u2014 but her arranged marriage stands in the way. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Middle of Nowhere","tags":" Ava DuVernay Emayatzy Corinealdi, David Oyelowo, Omari Hardwick, Lorraine Toussaint, Edwina Findley Dickerson, Sharon Lawrence, Nehemiah Sutton, Troy Curvey III, Maya Gilbert, Dondre T. Whitfield After her husband is sent to prison for eight years, medical student Ruby shelves her studies to focus on her partner's welfare as he serves his time. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Red Dot","tags":" Alain Darborg Nanna Blondell, Anastasios Soulis, Thomas Hanzon, Johannes Kuhnke, Tomas Bergstr\u00f6m, Kalled Mustonen, Anna Azc\u00e1rate Trying to rekindle their marriage and with a child on the way, a young couple on a ski trip suddenly finds themselves stalked by remorseless killers. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Squared Love","tags":" Filip Zylber Adrianna Chlebicka, Mateusz Banasiuk, Agnieszka \u017bulewska, Krzysztof Czeczot, Miros\u0142aw Baka, Tomasz Karolak, Bart\u0142omiej Kotschedoff, Jacek Knap, Anna Smo\u0142owik, Helena Mazur, Sebastian Stankiewicz A celebrity journalist and renowned womanizer starts to rethink his life choices after he falls for a mysterious model who leads a double life. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"This Is the Life","tags":" Ava DuVernay Abstract Rude, Chali 2na, Cut Chemist, Ellay Khule, Riddlore, Medusa, Myka Nyne, Pigeon John, 2Mex Examine how the group of alternative hip-hop artists known as the Good Lifers started a movement and created a robust, progressive musical community. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Crime Scene: The Vanishing at the Cecil Hotel","tags":" Joe Berlinger  The notorious Cecil Hotel grows in infamy when guest Elisa Lam vanishes. From the creator of \"The Ted Bundy Tapes,\" a dive into crime's darkest places. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"The Misadventures of Hedi and Cokeman","tags":" Julien Royal Hedi Bouchenafa, Nassim Lyes, Fred Testot, Julie Ferrier, Benjamin Trani\u00e9, Hugues Jourdain, Charlotte Gabris, Vincent Desagnat, Nina Kepekian, Hakim Jemili, Bun-hay Mean In Paris, two dysfunctional dealers use family ties to try to boost their small drug business in this crass comedy based on the webseries. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The World We Make","tags":" Brian Baugh Caleb Castille, Rose Reid, Kevin Sizemore, Gregory Alan Williams A teenage equestrian and a local football player fall for each other, but simmering racism in their small town puts their relationship to the test. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Five Came Back: The Reference Films","tags":"   This collection includes 12 World War II-era propaganda films \u2014 many of which are graphic and offensive \u2014 discussed in the docuseries \"Five Came Back.\" showshow"},{"title":"ICarly","tags":"  Miranda Cosgrove, Nathan Kress, Jerry Trainor, Jennette McCurdy, Noah Munck, Mary Scheer A cyberstar is born when 13-year-old Carly creates an Internet series with a little help from her best friend Sam and neighbor Freddie. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"War Dogs","tags":" Todd Phillips Jonah Hill, Miles Teller, Ana de Armas, Kevin Pollak, Bradley Cooper, Shaun Toub, Steve Lantz, Gregg Weiner, JB Blanc, Patrick St. Esprit A massage therapist gets in over his head when he partners with a charismatic childhood pal in the lucrative but shady business of global arms dealing. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Monster Run","tags":" Henri Wong Shawn Yue, Jessie Li, Kara Wai, Tu Men, Qiao Shan, Wang Yutian, Yang Di, Wang Zhener Jimo, an outcast who can see monsters, teams up with a monster hunter to fight evil forces and soon discovers her greater calling. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"The Sinner","tags":"  Jessica Biel, Bill Pullman, Christopher Abbott, Abby Miller, Dohn Norwood When a young mother inexplicably stabs a stranger to death, a sympathetic detective struggles to unlock the mystery buried in her missing memories. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Blanche Gardin: I talk to myself","tags":" Ma\u00efa Sandoz Blanche Gardin Touching on bulimia, death and cat sodomy, this French actress and comedian is keen to push the envelope in a one-woman show with understated flair. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Doob: No Bed of Roses","tags":" Mostofa Sarwar Farooki Irrfan Khan, Nusrat Imroz Tisha, Parno Mittra, Rokeya Prachy, Nader Chowdhury, Rashad Hossain As a noted filmmaker\u2019s infidelity becomes a media firestorm, his fractured family privately navigates the fallout of his actions for years to come. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Hache","tags":"  Adriana Ugarte, Javier Rey, Eduardo Noriega, Marc Mart\u00ednez, Ingrid Rubio, Pep Ambr\u00f2s, N\u00faria Prims, Roger Casamajor As Helena gains the love and trust of a dangerous heroin cartel leader in 1960s Barcelona, she hones the skills she needs to rise up the ranks. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Invisible City","tags":"  Marco Pigossi, Alessandra Negrini, F\u00e1bio Lago, J\u00e9ssica C\u00f3res, Jimmy London, Wesley Guimar\u00e3es, \u00c1urea Maranh\u00e3o, Julia Konrad, Thaia Perez, Manu Dieguez, Jos\u00e9 Dumont, Tain\u00e1 Medina, Rafael Sieg, Samuel de Assis, Victor Sparapane After a family tragedy, a man discovers mythical creatures living among humans \u2014 and soon realizes they hold the key to his mysterious past. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Little Big Women","tags":" Joseph Hsu Chen Shu-fang, Hsieh Ying-xuan, Vivian Hsu, Sun Ke-fang, Ding Ning, Buffy Chen, Chang Han, Lung Shao-hua, Honduras, Weber Yang, Sara Yu, Janine Chang A family grapples with the passing of their estranged father and the remnants of the life he led during his absence. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Malcolm & Marie","tags":" Sam Levinson Zendaya, John David Washington As a filmmaker and his girlfriend return home from his movie premiere, smoldering tensions and painful revelations push them toward a romantic reckoning. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Space Sweepers","tags":" Jo Sung-hee Song Joong-ki, Kim Tae-ri, Jin Sun-kyu, Yoo Hai-jin, Richard Armitage, Park Ye-rin Chasing after space debris and faraway dreams in year 2092, four misfits unearth explosive secrets during the attempted trade of a wide-eyed humanoid. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Strip Down, Rise Up","tags":" Mich\u00e8le Ohayon  In an effort to reclaim their bodies and lives, a group of women explore the intersections of movement and meaning in a powerful pole dancing program. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Last Paradiso","tags":" Rocco Ricciardulli Riccardo Scamarcio, Gaia Bermani Amaral, Valentina Cervi, Antonio Gerardi, Federica Torchetti, Anna Maria de Luca, Lucia Zotti, Nicoletta Carbonara, Donato Placido, Mimmo Mignemi In 1950s Italy, a passionate free spirit dreams of love, justice and a better life till a forbidden affair threatens everything. Based on real events. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Yin-Yang Master: Dream Of Eternity","tags":" Guo Jingming Mark Chao, Deng Lun, Wang Ziwen, Jessie Li, Wang Duo, Sun Chenjun, Xu Kaicheng, Jasper, Ju Xiaowen When a demonic serpent reawakens, the Yin-Yang Masters must solve a murder mystery and protect their realms from a dark conspiracy at the royal court. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"All My Friends Are Dead","tags":" Jan Belcl Julia Wieniawa-Narkiewicz, Mateusz Wi\u0119c\u0142awek, Adam Graf Turczyk, Monika Krzywkowska, Nikodem Rozbicki, Kamil Piotrowski, Adam Bobik, Paulina Ga\u0142\u0105zka, Magdalena Perli\u0144ska, Katarzyna Chojnacka, Konrad \u017bygad\u0142o, Szymon Roszak, Micha\u0142 Sikorski, Aleksandra Pisula, Wojciech \u0141ozowski, Micha\u0142 Meyer, Adam Woronowicz A group of friends at a New Year\u2019s Eve party go through a whirlwind of events that exposes secrets, breaks hearts \u2014 and leads to a shocking outcome. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Black Beach","tags":" Esteban Crespo Ra\u00fal Ar\u00e9valo, Candela Pe\u00f1a, Paulina Garc\u00eda, Claude Musungayi, Babou Cham, Lidia Nen\u00e9, Melina Matthews, Emilio Buale, Mulie Jarju, Jimmy Castro, Fenda Drame, Dairon Tallon, Teresita Evuy, Olivier Bony A lawyer with a promising future is forced to deep dive into his past when he agrees to negotiate with an old friend turned kidnapper. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Firefly Lane","tags":"  Katherine Heigl, Sarah Chalke, Ben Lawson, Beau Garrett, Ali Skovbye, Roan Curtis, Yael Yurman, Jon-Michael Ecker, Brandon Jay McLaren, Paul McGillion, Chelah Horsdal, Brendan Taylor Best friends Tully and Kate support each other through good times and bad with an unbreakable bond that carries them from their teens to their 40s. romance,dramaromance,drama"},{"title":"Pablo Escobar, el patr\u00f3n del mal","tags":"  Andr\u00e9s Parra, Angie Cepeda, Cecilia Navia, Vicky Hern\u00e1ndez, Christian Tappan, Rodolfo Silva, Tommy V\u00e1squez, Toto Vega, Nicol\u00e1s Montero, Marcela Gallego From his days as a petty thief to becoming head of a drug-trafficking empire, this riveting series charts the life of the infamous Pablo Escobar. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Power Rangers Ninja Steel","tags":"  William Shewfelt, Nico Greetham, Zoe Robins, Peter Sudarso, Chrysti Ane, Jordi Webber, Caleb Bendit, Chris Reid, Kelson Henderson A new generation of teen heroes uses superhuman ninja powers to battle the intergalactic villain Galvanax and save Earth from destruction. familyfamily"},{"title":"Our Lady of San Juan, Four Centuries of Miracles","tags":" No\u00e9 Gonz\u00e1lez Alejandro Pe\u00f1a Arenzana, Alejandra Ya\u00f1ez Reynoso, Giuliana Baker, Mauricio L\u00f3pez, Antia Nazarely Reynoso, Felipe De Jesus Hern\u00e1ndez, Fernanda Michelle Torres In this dramatization, the Virgin Mary works a miracle on a girl in 1623 Mexico. Four centuries later, a family make a pilgrimage for their own child. drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Tiffany Haddish Presents: They Ready","tags":"  Tracey Ashley, Flame Monroe, Aida Rodriguez, Marlo Williams, April Macie, Chaunt\u00e9 Wayans, Tiffany Haddish Hand-picked by Tiffany Haddish, six diverse comedians showcase their raw humor in a series of specials oozing with energy. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Beverly Hills Ninja","tags":" Dennis Dugan Chris Farley, Nicollette Sheridan, Robin Shou, Nathaniel Parker, Soon-Tek Oh, Keith Cooke, Chris Rock, Fran\u00e7ois Chau, Dale Ishimoto, Daming Chen Raised by ninjas, a big-hearted but bumbling orphan travels to Beverly Hills on a mission to help a woman investigate her shady boyfriend. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Heartland","tags":"  Amber Marshall, Michelle Morgan, Graham Wardle, Shaun Johnston, Chris Potter, Jessica Amlee, Kerry James, Nathaniel Arcand Spunky teenager Amy is reeling from the sudden death of her mother when she and her grandfather are threatened with the loss of their horse ranch. dramadrama"},{"title":"Love Daily","tags":"  Kamil McFadden, Alexandra Peters, Laura Marano, Paul Karmiryan, Brianne Tju, Alexis G. Zall, Leo Howard, Stephanie Nogueras This anthology follows 12 different love stories involving fateful encounters, magical moments and unexpected romances over the course of a year. romance,showromance,show"},{"title":"My Dead Ex","tags":"  Katherine Hughes, Ryan Lee, Ryan Malaty, Medalion Rahimi, Marc Evan Jackson, Beth Littleford, Audrey Wasilewski, Matt Braunger High school teens Charley and Ben find themselves in a complicated romance when Ben dies in a tragic accident but is resurrected by a magical spell. comedy,showcomedy,show"},{"title":"Rocks","tags":" Sarah Gavron Bukky Bakray, Kosar Ali, D'angelou Osei Kissiedu, Shaneigha-Monik Greyson, Sarah Niles, Ruby Stokes, Tawheda Begum, Afi Okaidja, Anastasia Dymitrow Following her mother's abrupt departure, a dynamic and determined teen goes to extraordinary lengths to protect and provide for her younger brother. dramadrama"},{"title":"Shutter Island","tags":" Martin Scorsese Leonardo DiCaprio, Mark Ruffalo, Ben Kingsley, Max von Sydow, Michelle Williams, Emily Mortimer, Patricia Clarkson, Jackie Earle Haley, Ted Levine, John Carroll Lynch, Elias Koteas A U.S. marshal's troubling visions compromise his investigation into the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Bank Job","tags":" Roger Donaldson Jason Statham, Saffron Burrows, Richard Lintern, Stephen Campbell Moore, Daniel Mays, Peter Bowles, Keeley Hawes, Colin Salmon, Alki David, James Faulkner A thief gets in over his head when he breaks into a bank vault full of cash, gems... and secrets on everyone from the London mob to the royal family. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The House Arrest of Us","tags":" Richard Arellano Daniel Padilla, Kathryn Bernardo, Herbert Bautista, Ruffa Gutierrez, Gardo Versoza, Arlene Muhlach, Arlene Muchlach, Dennis Padilla, Riva Quenery, Anthony Jennings, Alora Sasam, Huybs Azarcon A couple decides to make their engagement official by honoring tradition when a pandemic forces them and their families to quarantine under one roof. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"The Unsettling","tags":"  Holly Taylor, Tequan Richmond, Willow Shields, An-Li Bogan, Noah Grismer, Alex Lange, David Clayton Rogers, Marguerite Moreau As 16-year-old Becca adjusts to her new foster home, she starts to question her reality as strange things begin to happen all around her. suspense,showsuspense,show"},{"title":"Total Drama","tags":"  Cl\u00e9 Bennett, Christian Potenza, Scott McCord, Rachel Wilson, Drew Nelson, Stephanie Anne Mills, Novie Edwards, Megan Fahlenbock, Brian Foud, Emilie-Claire Barlow, Phillip David Lewis, Katie Crown, Sarah Gadon, Peter Oldring, Kristin Fairlie, Dan Petronijevic, Adam Greydon Reid Heartwarming moments are interspersed with backstabbing, scheming, sabotage and broken alliances in this animated spoof of reality show competitions. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Zac and Mia","tags":"  Kian Lawley, Anne Winters, Alexis G. Zall, Tory Devon Smith, James Boyd, Tanner Stine, Markus Silbiger Two teenagers with cancer share a connection with each other despite their differences and extraordinary circumstances. Based on A.J. Betts's novel. romance,drama,showromance,drama,show"},{"title":"Zathura","tags":" Jon Favreau Jonah Bobo, Josh Hutcherson, Dax Shepard, Kristen Stewart, Tim Robbins, Frank Oz, John Alexander, Derek Mears, Douglas Tait, Joe Bucaro III A mysterious game sends two brothers flying into space, where they must reach the planet Zathura \u2014 or be trapped in galactic limbo forever. family,fantasyfamily,fantasy"},{"title":"Zig & Sharko","tags":"   Zig, an island-bound hyena, will do anything to get his paws on Marina the mermaid, but her devoted pal Sharko always comes to her rescue in time. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Fatima","tags":" Marco Pontecorvo Joaquim de Almeida, Goran Visnjic, Stephanie Gil, Alejandra Howard, Jorge Lamelas, L\u00facia Moniz, Marco D'Almeida, Joana Ribeiro, Carla Chambel, Elmano Sancho, Harvey Keitel, Sonia Braga In 1917 Portugal, visions of the Virgin Mary come to three children whose message of faith raises doubts in their family and angers authorities. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"Hell Fest","tags":" Gregory Plotkin Amy Forsyth, Reign Edwards, Bex Taylor-Klaus, Tony Todd, Christian James, Matt Mercurio, Michael Tourek, Courtney Dietz, Stephen Conroy A serial killer picks off a group of friends, one by one, as they make their way through a hell-themed amusement park. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Below Zero","tags":" Llu\u00eds Qu\u00edlez Javier Guti\u00e9rrez, Karra Elejalde, Luis Callejo, Andr\u00e9s Gertr\u00fadix, Isak Ferriz, \u00c9dgar Vittorino, Miquel Gelabert, Florin Opritescu, \u00c0lex Monner, Patrick Criado When a prisoner transfer van is attacked, the cop in charge must fight those inside and outside while dealing with a silent foe: the icy temperatures. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Finding \u2018Ohana","tags":" Jude Weng Kea Peahu, Alex Aiono, Lindsay Watson, Owen Vaccaro, Kelly Hu, Branscombe Richmond, Ke Huy Quan, Brad Kalilimoku, Chris Parnell, Marc Evan Jackson, Ricky Garcia In O\u02bbahu for the summer, two siblings from Brooklyn connect with their Hawaiian heritage \u2014 and their family \u2014 on a daring quest for long-lost treasure. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Dig","tags":" Simon Stone Carey Mulligan, Ralph Fiennes, Lily James, Johnny Flynn, Ben Chaplin, Ken Stott On the eve of World War II, a British widow hires a self-taught archaeologist to dig up mysterious formations on her land, leading to a staggering find. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"We Are: The Brooklyn Saints","tags":"   A Brooklyn youth football program and its selfless coaches provide a safe haven for kids to compete and learn lessons that will take them far in life. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"June & Kopi","tags":" Noviandra Santosa Acha Septriasa, Ryan Delon, Makayla Rose Hilli, TJ A street dog is taken in by a young couple, and the family pit becomes an instant accomplice as she adjusts to her new, loving home. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"50M2","tags":"  Engin \u00d6zt\u00fcrk, K\u00fcr\u015fat Aln\u0131a\u00e7\u0131k, Cengiz Bozkurt, Ayb\u00fcke Pusat, Tolga Tekin, \u00d6zg\u00fcr Emre Y\u0131ld\u0131r\u0131m, Yi\u011fit Kirazc\u0131 Seeking to uncover the truth about his past, a henchman betrays someone close to him and assumes a new identity in a small Istanbul neighborhood. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Accomplice","tags":" Jeremy Grant Kurt Sorge, Tom Van Steenbergen, Cameron Zink, Graham Agassiz, Tyler McCaul, Cameron McCaul, Ethan Nell, Hannah Bergemann, Carson Storch, Brandon Semenuk, Veronique Sandler, Nico Vink, Garett Buehler, Jaxson Riddle, Andreu Lacondeguy, Paul Genovese, Paul Basagoitia Traverse the globe with the world's top riders as they pedal through rugged terrain and majestic locations in this visual homage to the bicycle. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"BONDING","tags":"  Zoe Levin, Brendan Scannell, Micah Stock, Theo Stockman, Alex Hurt, D'Arcy Carden, Gabrielle Ryan, Charles Gould A New York City grad student moonlighting as a dominatrix enlists her gay BFF from high school to be her assistant. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Kilometers and Kilometers","tags":" Jeo Baby Tovino Thomas, India Jarvis, Joju George, Sidhartha Siva, Basil Joseph, Sudheesh, Parvathi T, Pauly Valsan When a debt-ridden man reluctantly agrees to drive an American tourist around India, their stark differences lead to bickering\u2026 and unexpected bonding. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Outlander","tags":"  Caitriona Balfe, Sam Heughan, Tobias Menzies, Gary Lewis, Graham McTavish, Lotte Verbeek, Duncan Lacroix, Laura Donnelly, Bill Paterson, Stephen Walters, Grant O'Rourke, Simon Callow, Richard Rankin, Sophie Skelton, David Berry, Romann Berrux, Ed Speleers, Maria Doyle Kennedy, Tim Downie This epic tale adapted from Diana Gabaldon's popular series of fantasy-romance novels focuses on the drama of two time-crossed lovers. romance,action,dramaromance,action,drama"},{"title":"Penguin Bloom","tags":" Glendyn Ivin Naomi Watts, Andrew Lincoln, Jacki Weaver, Griffin Murray-Johnston, Rachel House, Leeanna Walsman, Lisa Hensley, Felix Cameron, Abe Clifford-Barr As a mom copes with the aftermath of a harrowing accident, she finds inspiration from an injured magpie taken in by her family. Based on a true story. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Black Rose","tags":" Okey Oku Blossom Chukwujekwu, Ebele Okaro, Lilian Echelon, Betty Bellor, Swanky JKA Struggling in poverty with her single mother and siblings, a principled young woman meets the man of her dreams but soon finds he's keeping secrets. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Go Dog Go","tags":"  Michela Luci, Callum Shoniker, Lyon Smith, Tajja Isen, Anand Rajaram, David Berni, Linda Ballantyne, Joshua Graham, Patrick McKenna, Judy Marshak, Martin Roach, Katie Griffin Handy and inventive pup Tag chases adventure with her best pal, Scooch, solving problems and helping the citizens of Pawston along the way. familyfamily"},{"title":"Blown Away","tags":"   Ten master artists turn up the heat in glassblowing sculpture challenges for the chance to win $60,000 in prizes and the title of champion. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Busted!","tags":"  Yoo Jae-suk, Ahn Jae-wook, Kim Jong-min, Lee Kwang-soo, Park Min-young, Sehun, Kim Se-jeong Tackling different mysteries in each episode of this game show, seven sleuths get closer to solving the biggest one of all: What happened to Project D? action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba","tags":"  Natsuki Hanae, Akari Kito, Hiro Shimono, Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Takahiro Sakurai, Hochu Otsuka, Yuki Kaji, Ai Kakuma, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Toshiyuki Morikawa, Aoi Yuki, Shiori Izawa, Daisuke Namikawa, Takumi Yamazaki, Hikaru Midorikawa, Takehito Koyasu After a demon attack leaves his family slain and his sister cursed, Tanjiro embarks upon a perilous journey to find a cure and avenge those he's lost. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"So My Grandma\u2019s a Lesbian!","tags":" \u00c1ngeles Rein\u00e9 Rosa Mar\u00eda Sard\u00e0, Ver\u00f3nica Forqu\u00e9, Ingrid Garc\u00eda Jonsson, David Verdaguer, Candela Pe\u00f1a, M\u00f3nica L\u00f3pez, Pol Monen, Alex O'Dogherty, Leander Vyvey, Liz Lobato Two women in their 70s decide to come out to their families and get married, sparking chaos \u2014 and threatening a granddaughter's engagement. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"The Next Three Days","tags":" Paul Haggis Russell Crowe, Elizabeth Banks, Brian Dennehy, Lennie James, Olivia Wilde, Ty Simpkins, Helen Carey, Liam Neeson, Daniel Stern, Kevin Corrigan When his wife becomes a murder suspect and is sent to prison, a professor plots a meticulous plan to take back her freedom and reunite his family. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The White Tiger","tags":" Ramin Bahrani Adarsh Gourav, Rajkummar Rao, Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Mahesh Manjrekar, Vijay Maurya The ambitious driver for a rich Indian family uses his wit and cunning to escape from poverty and become an entrepreneur. Based on the bestselling novel. dramadrama"},{"title":"Friendsgiving","tags":" Nicol Paone Malin Akerman, Kat Dennings, Aisha Tyler, Jane Seymour, Jack Donnelly, Chelsea Peretti, Christine Taylor, Ryan Hansen, Deon Cole, Wanda Sykes A quiet holiday dinner among friends turns into a chaotic night of illicit activity and compromising situations when uninvited guests crash the party. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Shadow of Violence","tags":" Nick Rowland Cosmo Jarvis, Barry Keoghan, Niamh Algar, Ned Dennehy, Kiljan Tyr Moroney, David Wilmot, Brid Brennan, Simone Kirby, Anthony Welsh As he reconciles with his ex and their son, an enforcer for a crime family gets an order that tests his loyalty and endangers everyone he holds dear. dramadrama"},{"title":"Cut Throat City","tags":" RZA Shameik Moore, Demetrius Shipp Jr., Denzel Whitaker, Keean Johnson, Kat Graham, T.I., Terrence Howard, Rob Morgan, Eiza Gonz\u00e1lez, Ethan Hawke, Wesley Snipes Bereft of opportunities in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, a young man and his close friends turn to a life of crime in the 9th Ward of New Orleans. dramadrama"},{"title":"Daughter From Another Mother","tags":"  Ludwika Paleta, Paulina Goto, Mart\u00edn Altomaro, Liz Gallardo, Javier Ponce, Oka Giner, Zaide Silvia Guti\u00e9rrez, Dalexa Meneses, Emilio Beltr\u00e1n Ulrich, Fernando Memije, Elena del R\u00edo, Christian Ch\u00e1vez After realizing their babies were exchanged at birth, two women develop a plan to adjust to their new lives: creating a single \u2014and peculiar\u2014 family. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Sightless","tags":" Cooper Karl Madelaine Petsch, Alexander Koch, December Ensminger, Lee Jones A former violinist grows suspicious of the new people in her life and their alarming behavior as she recovers from an assault that left her blind. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Spycraft","tags":"   The spy game is a serious business, and throughout history, the tools and technologies developed for it have mattered as much as the spies themselves. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Hello Ninja","tags":"  Lukas Engel, Zoey Siewert, Sam Vincent, Mayumi Yoshida BFFs Wesley and Georgie and their silly cat sidekick Pretzel transform into ninjas and enter a magic world, where they solve problems and save the day. familyfamily"},{"title":"Homefront","tags":" Gary Fleder Jason Statham, James Franco, Izabela Vidovic, Kate Bosworth, Marcus Hester, Clancy Brown, Winona Ryder, Omar Benson Miller, Rachelle Lefevre, Frank Grillo, Chuck Zito, Pruitt Taylor Vince When an ex-DEA agent is widowed, he moves with his young daughter to a small town, but his quiet life is shattered by a meth-making drug trafficker. actionaction"},{"title":"A Monster Calls","tags":" J.A. Bayona Lewis MacDougall, Sigourney Weaver, Felicity Jones, Liam Neeson, Toby Kebbell, Ben Moor, James Melville, Oliver Steer, Dominic Boyle, Geraldine Chaplin, Jennifer Lim Overwhelmed by his mother\u2019s illness, a young boy begins to understand human complexity through the fantastic tales of a consoling tree monster. drama,fantasydrama,fantasy"},{"title":"Death of Me","tags":" Darren Lynn Bousman Maggie Q, Luke Hemsworth, Alex Essoe, Ingkarat Jaraswongkosol, Kelly B. Jones, Caledonia Burr With no memory of the previous night, a vacationing couple uncovers a disturbing personal video that inexplicably shows one of them killing the other. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Radium Girls","tags":" Lydia Dean Pilcher, Ginny Mohler Joey King, Abby Quinn, Cara Seymour, Scott Shepherd, Susan Heyward, Neal Huff, Collin Kelly-Sordelet, John Bedford Lloyd, Joe Grifasi, Colby Minifie When the women at a radium factory begin to fall gravely and inexplicably ill, Bessie and her co-workers set out to expose a corporate cover-up. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Bling Empire","tags":"   Follow LA's wildly wealthy Asian and Asian American fun seekers as they go all out with fabulous parties, glamour and drama in this reality series. showshow"},{"title":"Carmen Sandiego","tags":"  Gina Rodriguez, Finn Wolfhard, Abby Trott, Michael Hawley, Michael Goldsmith, Kari Wahlgren, Sharon Muthu, Liam O'Brien, Rafael Petardi, Charlet Chung A master thief who uses her skills for good, Carmen Sandiego travels the world foiling V.I.L.E.'s evil plans \u2013 with help from her savvy sidekicks. family,suspensefamily,suspense"},{"title":"Disenchantment","tags":"  Abbi Jacobson, Eric Andr\u00e9, Nat Faxon, John DiMaggio, Tress MacNeille, Matt Berry, David Herman, Maurice LaMarche, Lucy Montgomery, Billy West Princess duties call, but she'd rather be drinking. Free-spirited Bean exasperates the king as she wreaks havoc with her demon and elf pals. action,comedy,fantasyaction,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Double Dad","tags":" Cris D'Amato Maisa Silva, Eduardo Moscovis, Marcelo M\u00e9dici, Laila Zaid, Pedro Ottoni, Rayana Diniz, Caio Vegatti, Faf\u00e1 de Bel\u00e9m, Thaynara Og, Roberto Bonfim While her mom is away, a teen sneaks out of the hippie commune where she lives and embarks on a life-changing adventure to discover who her father is. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Henry Danger","tags":"  Jace Norman, Cooper Barnes, Riele Downs, Sean Ryan Fox, Ella Anderson, Michael D. Cohen A new part-time job forces Henry Hart to balance two lives, one as a typical teenager and the other as secret superhero sidekick Kid Danger. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Outside the Wire","tags":" Mikael H\u00e5fstr\u00f6m Anthony Mackie, Damson Idris, Emily Beecham, Michael Kelly, Pilou Asb\u00e6k In the near future, a drone pilot sent into a war zone finds himself paired with a top-secret android officer on a mission to stop a nuclear attack. actionaction"},{"title":"Penguins of Madagascar: The Movie","tags":" Eric Darnell, Simon J. Smith Tom McGrath, Christopher Knights, Chris Miller, Conrad Vernon, John Malkovich, Benedict Cumberbatch, Ken Jeong, Annet Mahendru, Peter Stormare Elite penguin spies Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private join forces with the suave agents of the North Wind to defeat power-mad genius Octavius Brine. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Pinkfong & Baby Shark's Space Adventure","tags":" Byeon Hee-sun Jo Kyoung-i, Kim Seo-yeong, Kim Eun-ah, Jeong Jae-heon Joined by new friends from other planets, Pinkfong and Baby Shark explore outer space and search for missing star pieces to return home. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Magicians","tags":"  Jason Ralph, Arjun Gupta, Hale Appleman, Stella Maeve, Summer Bishil, Olivia Taylor Dudley, Jade Tailor, Rick Worthy, Mackenzie Astin, Kacey Rohl, Charles Mesure, Keegan Connor Tracy, Trevor Einhorn When grad student Quentin Coldwater enters a college specializing in magic, he learns that the mythic fantasy world he once read about is very real. drama,fantasydrama,fantasy"},{"title":"The Vanished","tags":" Peter Facinelli Thomas Jane, Anne Heche, Jason Patric, John D. Hickman, Peter Facinelli, Alex Haydon, Aleksei Archer, Kristopher Wente When their daughter disappears during a family vacation, two terrified parents launch their own investigation that soon exposes local secrets. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Tribhanga - Tedhi Medhi Crazy","tags":" Renuka Shahane Kajol, Tanvi Azmi, Mithila Palkar, Kunaal Roy Kapur, Vaibhav Tatwawaadi, Kanwaljeet Singh, Manav Gohil, Shweta Mehendale When her estranged mother falls into a coma, a self-made single mom grapples with regret and resentment while reflecting on their strained relationship. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"What Would Sophia Loren Do?","tags":" Ross Kauffman Nancy \"Vincenza Careri\" Kulik, Sophia Loren In this delightful short documentary, an Italian American grandmother and film buff finds strength and joy in the life of her screen idol, Sophia Loren. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Wish You","tags":" Sung Do-jun Kang In-soo, Lee Sang, Soo-bin Singing and dreaming together, a talented singer-songwriter and a same-aged keyboardist add harmony and love to each other\u2019s lives. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Tanda Tanya","tags":" Hanung Bramantyo Reza Rahadian, Revalina S. Temat, Rio Dewanto, Agus Kuncoro Adi, Endhita, Hengky Solaiman, Edmay Solaiman, Dedi Soetomo, M Ibrahim In a story of interconnected lives, three families of different religious faiths navigate conflicting beliefs, hardships and other struggles. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Heartbreak Club","tags":" Charles Gozali, Bagus Bramanti Bhisma Mulia, Denira Wiraguna, Didi Kempot, Sisca JKT48, Erick Estrada, Asri Welas, Mo Sidik, Emil Kusumo, Dede Satria, Rezca Syam Coping with heartbreak, the shy owner of a floundering cafe finds solace in the Javanese love songs of Didi Kempot. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"An Imperfect Murder","tags":" James Toback Sienna Miller, Alec Baldwin, Charles Grodin, Colleen Camp, John Buffalo Mailer, Nick Mathews, Steven Prescod, Oliver \"Power\" Grant, James Toback Haunted by a nightmare involving her abusive ex-boyfriend, an actress begins to question her reality and whether the incident took place. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Night Stalker: The Hunt for a Serial Killer","tags":" Tiller Russell  Beneath the sunlit glamour of 1985 LA lurks a relentlessly evil serial killer. In this true-crime story, two detectives won't rest until they catch him. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Al acecho","tags":" Francisco D'Eufemia Rodrigo de la Serna, Belen Blanco, Walter Jakob, Facundo Aquinos, Patricia Calisaya Looking for a fresh start, a park ranger gets a new assignment. When he discovers a network of poachers, survival depends on his lethal instincts. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Last Tango in Halifax","tags":" Juliet May Derek Jacobi, Anne Reid, Sarah Lancashire, Nicola Walker, Edward Ashley, Louis Greatorex, Josh Bolt Two widowed childhood sweethearts fall for each other all over again when they are reunited over the Internet after nearly 60 years. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Crack: Cocaine, Corruption & Conspiracy","tags":" Stanley Nelson  A cheap, powerful drug emerges during a recession, igniting a moral panic fueled by racism. Explore the complex history of crack in the 1980s. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Intouchables","tags":" Olivier Nakache, \u00c9ric Toledano Fran\u00e7ois Cluzet, Omar Sy, Anne Le Ny, Audrey Fleurot, Jos\u00e9phine de Meaux, Clotilde Mollet, Alba Ga\u00efa Kraghede Bellugi, Cyril Mendy In need of a caregiver, a wealthy aristocrat with quadriplegia hires the last person anyone expects: an ex-con with no experience. Based on a true story. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Apaharan","tags":" Prakash Jha Ajay Devgn, Nana Patekar, Bipasha Basu, Ayub Khan, Mohan Agashe, Mukesh Tiwari, Yashpal Sharma, Anoop Soni, Chetan Pandit Raised under the condescending eye of his activist father, an underachieving loafer is lured into the local kingpin\u2019s web of corruption and kidnapping. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"BluffMaster!","tags":" Rohan Sippy Abhishek Bachchan, Priyanka Chopra, Riteish Deshmukh, Boman Irani, Nana Patekar, Sanjay Mishra, Tinnu Anand, Hussain Shaikh When his girlfriend learns the truth about his murky past, a con artist is forced to examine his choices and get to the root of his real identity. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Charming","tags":" Ross Venokur Wilmer Valderrama, Demi Lovato, Sia, Nia Vardalos, Ashley Tisdale, Avril Lavigne, G.E.M., John Cleese, Chris Harrison, Dee Bradley Baker, Carlos Alazraqui On the eve of his 21st birthday, an adored prince must find his one, true soulmate before a spell takes away all love from his kingdom. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Creating The Queen's Gambit","tags":"   A fascinating character. Exquisite sets. A wig for every era. The stars, creators and crew reveal how the hit series about a chess prodigy came to life. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Gangaajal","tags":" Prakash Jha Ajay Devgn, Gracy Singh, Mohan Agashe, Mohan Joshi, Ayub Khan, Akhilendra Mishra, Mukesh Tiwari, Yashpal Sharma, Brij Gopal, Anita Kanwal Posted to a small, crime-ridden town, a cop soon learns that cleaning up the system also means confronting the corruption among police and politicians. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Inside the World\u2019s Toughest Prisons","tags":"  Paul Connolly Investigative journalist Paul Connolly becomes a voluntary inmate in the world's most volatile prisons, where intimidation and brutality rule. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"Is Love Enough? Sir","tags":" Rohena Gera Tillotama Shome, Vivek Gomber, Geetanjali Kulkarni, Rahul Vohra, Divya Seth, Chandrachoor Rai, Dilnaz Irani, Bhagyashree Pandit, Anupriya Goenka, Rashi Mal A young widow is hired as the domestic helper for a wealthy architect, but social divides come to the fore as an unlikely attraction grows between them. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Mighty Little Bheem: Kite Festival","tags":"  Sumruddhi Shukla, Aranya Kaur, Nishka Raheja With winter behind them, Bheem and his townspeople usher in a sunny new season in all their favorite ways during the Makar Sankranti festival. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Pretend It\u2019s a City","tags":"  Fran Lebowitz Wander the New York City streets and fascinating mind of wry writer, humorist and raconteur Fran Lebowitz as she sits down with Martin Scorsese. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Stuck Apart","tags":"  Engin G\u00fcnayd\u0131n, Haluk Bilginer, Binnur Kaya, \u00d6ner Erkan, \u0130rem Sak, Fatih Artman, G\u00fcl\u00e7in Sant\u0131rc\u0131o\u011flu, \u0130lker Aksum, H\u00fclya Duyar, G\u00f6ktu\u011f Y\u0131ld\u0131r\u0131m, Helin Kandemir Entrenched in a midlife crisis, Aziz seeks solace from his mundane job, lonesome friends and rowdy family while pretending to have his act together. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Idhun Chronicles","tags":" Maite Ruiz De Austri Michelle Jenner, Itzan Escamilla, Sergio Mur, Nico Romero, Carlos Cuevas A boy suddenly orphaned fights his parents' killer to save a planet, and discovers a new world of danger \u2014 and wonder. anime,foregin,foreginanime,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"100% Halal","tags":" Jastis Arimba Anisa Rahma, Ariyo Wahab, Anandito Dwis, Fitria Rasyidi, Arafah Rianti, Kinaryosih After high school, a young woman marries the man of her father's choice but soon faces the possibility that her religion considers the union invalid. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Leap!","tags":" Eric Summer, \u00c9ric Warin Bronwen Mantel, Mel Brooks, Maddie Ziegler, Dane DeHaan, Julie Khaner, Elle Fanning, Terrence Scammell, Tamir Kapelian, Carly Rae Jepsen F\u00e9licie and Victor, two young friends in 1880s France, escape from an orphanage to pursue their dreams in Paris, the glittering City of Lights. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Pieces of a Woman","tags":" Korn\u00e9l Mundrucz\u00f3 Vanessa Kirby, Shia LaBeouf, Ellen Burstyn, Molly Parker, Sarah Snook, Iliza Shlesinger, Benny Safdie, Jimmie Fails A heartbreaking home birth leaves a woman grappling with the profound emotional fallout, isolated from her partner and family by a chasm of grief. dramadrama"},{"title":"Surviving Death","tags":"   What happens after we die? This docuseries explores personal stories and research on near-death experiences, reincarnation and paranormal phenomena. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"Tony Parker: The Final Shot","tags":" Florent Bodin Tony Parker This film examines the background and career of Tony Parker, whose determination led him to become arguably the greatest French basketball player. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"History of Swear Words","tags":"  Nicolas Cage Nicolas Cage hosts this proudly profane, funny and engagingly educational series about the history and impact of the most notorious English swear words. documental,comedydocumental,comedy"},{"title":"Nailed It! Mexico","tags":"  Omar Chaparro, Anna Ruiz The fun, fondant and hilarious cake fails head to Mexico, where very amateur bakers compete to re-create elaborate sweet treats for a cash prize. foregin,show,foreginforegin,show,foregin"},{"title":"Hello Brother","tags":" Sohail Khan Salman Khan, Arbaaz Khan, Rani Mukerji, Johny Lever, Neeraj Vora, Shakti Kapoor, Razak Khan, Sulabha Arya After receiving a heart transplant from a murdered man, a cop is followed around by the victim\u2019s ghost, who won\u2019t rest until his death has been avenged. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"QB1: Beyond the Lights","tags":"   This riveting series follows three star high school quarterbacks as they play their final season before moving on to Division I college football. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Playing for Keeps","tags":" Gabriele Muccino Gerard Butler, Jessica Biel, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Dennis Quaid, Uma Thurman, Judy Greer, Noah Lomax, James Tupper, Abella Wyss, Grant Goodman A washed-up, former soccer star attempts to rebuild his relationship with his son and ex-wife by coaching his son's soccer team. comedy,romance,sportscomedy,romance,sports"},{"title":"Asphalt Burning","tags":" Hallvard Br\u00e6in Anders Baasmo, Kathrine Thorborg Johansen, Ida Hus\u00f8y, Otto Jespersen, Sven Nordin, Trond Halbo, Alexandra Maria Lara, Wenche Myhre, Kostja Ullmann, Bj\u00f6rn Kjellman When the brakes slam on his wedding, Roy accepts a challenge from a new foe to race for his runaway bride at the iconic N\u00fcrburgring track in Germany. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Bad Grandpa .5","tags":" Jeff Tremaine Johnny Knoxville, Jackson Nicoll, Greg Harris, Georgina Cates, Kamber Hejlik, Jill Killington, Madison Davis, George Faughnan, Spike Jonze, Catherine Keener The geriatric antics of Irving Zisman continue in this next installment of the Jackass franchise, which features unused footage from the first film. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Case 39","tags":" Christian Alvart Ren\u00e9e Zellweger, Jodelle Ferland, Ian McShane, Bradley Cooper, Callum Keith Rennie, Adrian Lester, Kerry O'Malley, Cynthia Stevenson, Alexander Conti, Philip Cabrita A na\u00efve social worker brings a 10-year-old child into her home to rescue the girl from abusive parents \u2013 only to learn that she isn't what she seems. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Cobra Kai","tags":"  Ralph Macchio, William Zabka, Xolo Maridue\u00f1a, Martin Kove, Mary Mouser, Tanner Buchanan, Courtney Henggeler, Jacob Bertrand Decades after the tournament that changed their lives, the rivalry between Johnny and Daniel reignites in this sequel to the \"Karate Kid\" films. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Dream Home Makeover","tags":"   Dreams come true for real families looking for the perfect home tailored to their own unique style, thanks to Shea and Syd McGee of Studio McGee. showshow"},{"title":"Eddie Murphy: Raw","tags":" Robert Townsend Eddie Murphy This stand-up comedy classic features Eddie Murphy live in a provocative series of impressions, observations and remembrances of his childhood. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Full Out 2: You Got This!","tags":" Jeff Deverett Sydney Cope, Logan Edra, Liza Wilk, Braedyn Bruner, Billie Merritt With a championship on the line, Chayse and her gymnastics team look to a local break-dancer for all the right moves to rise above their competition. family,drama,sportsfamily,drama,sports"},{"title":"Gimme Shelter","tags":" Ron Krauss Vanessa Hudgens, James Earl Jones, Rosario Dawson, Ann Dowd, Stephanie Szostak, Emily Meade, Brendan Fraser, Dascha Polanco After running away from her abusive mother, a streetwise teen seeks refuge with her father, but he rejects her when he learns that she's pregnant. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Good Burger","tags":" Brian Robbins Kenan Thompson, Kel Mitchell, Abe Vigoda, Dan Schneider, Shar Jackson, Jan Schweiterman, Linda Cardellini, Sinbad, Ron Lester, Josh Server, Ginny Schreiber Working at a neighborhood fast-food joint, two teens try to save the restaurant when a giant burger franchise fires up the competition. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Good Hair","tags":" Jeff Stilson Chris Rock, Nia Long, Maya Angelou, Ice-T, Eve, Meagan Good, Al Sharpton, KRS-One, Raven-Symon\u00e9 Chris Rock hops around the world going from beauty salons to science labs to comb through the mystery of Black hair. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Headspace Guide to Meditation","tags":"  Andy Puddicombe Headspace takes a friendly, animated look at the benefits of meditation while offering techniques and guided meditations to jump-start your practice. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Into the Wild","tags":" Sean Penn Emile Hirsch, Marcia Gay Harden, William Hurt, Jena Malone, Brian Dierker, Catherine Keener, Vince Vaughn, Kristen Stewart, Hal Holbrook, Zach Galifianakis A young man gives up everything \u2013 including his trust fund and ties to a seemingly stable family \u2013 to lead a solitary life in the wild. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Jenni Rivera: Mariposa de Barrio","tags":"  Ang\u00e9lica Celaya, Gabriel Porras, Rosalinda Rodr\u00edguez, Samadhi Zendejas, Tony Garza, Regina Orqu\u00edn, Enrique Monta\u00f1o, Adri\u00e1n Carvajal, Emmanuel Morales, Adriano Zendejas, Xavier Ruvalcaba, Ra\u00fal Sandoval, Mauricio Novoa, Uriel del Toro, Ana Wolfermann, Stephanie Arcila, Vanessa Pose, Alma Matrecito This drama follows Mexican-American singer Jenni Rivera's unlikely rise from suicidal pregnant teen and abused wife to banda superstar. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"London Heist","tags":" Mark McQueen Craig Fairbrass, James Cosmo, Mem Ferda, Nick Moran, Steven Berkoff, Nathalie Cox, Roland Manookian, Eddie Webber, Tony Denham, Katie Clarkson-Hill After a heist gone wrong, a career criminal gradually uncovers the hidden motive behind his father's murder \u2013 and it has nothing to do with money. actionaction"},{"title":"Mean Girls 2","tags":" Melanie Mayron Meaghan Martin, Maiara Walsh, Jennifer Stone, Nicole Gale Anderson, Claire Holt, Diego Boneta, Linden Ashby, Rhoda Griffis, Mike Pniewski, Patrick Johnson, Tim Meadows The father of a high school pariah offers to pay another student's way through college if she makes friends with his outcast daughter. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Monarca","tags":"  Irene Azuela, Juan Manuel Bernal, Osvaldo Benavides, Rosa Mar\u00eda Bianchi, Antonio de la Vega, Luis R\u00e1bago, Sophie G\u00f3mez, James Hyde, Carla Adell, Regina Pav\u00f3n, Dal\u00ed Gonz\u00e1lez, Alejandro de Hoyos Parera, Jos\u00e9 Manuel Rinc\u00f3n, Daniela Schmidt, Gabriela de la Garza After 20 years, Ana Mar\u00eda returns to Mexico and vies for control of her family's tequila empire as it threatens to crumble under corruption and secrets. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Mystic Pizza","tags":" Donald Petrie Annabeth Gish, Julia Roberts, Lili Taylor, Vincent D'Onofrio, William R. Moses, Adam Storke, Conchata Ferrell, Joanna Merlin, Porscha Radcliffe, John Fiore In a small fishing town, three teenage girls from blue-collar families navigate life and love while working in a pizza parlor. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That!","tags":" Tony Collingwood Martin Short, Alexa Torrington, Jacob Ewaniuk, Robert Tinkler, Tracey Hoyt The Cat in the Hat is back \u2013 and this time, he's teaching Sally and her brother, Nick, some awfully nifty things to think about! familyfamily"},{"title":"The Creative Brain","tags":" Jennifer Beamish, Toby Trackman David Eagleman Neuroscientist David Eagleman taps into the creative process of various innovators while exploring brain-bending, risk-taking ways to spark creativity. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Haunted Hathaways","tags":"  Amber Frank, Curtis Harris, Benjamin Flores Jr., Breanna Yde, Ginifer King, Chico Benymon Single mom Michelle Hathaway and her daughters find that they share their New Orleans home with the ghosts of single dad Ray Preston and his two sons. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"The Minimalists: Less Is Now","tags":"   They've built a movement out of minimalism. Longtime friends Joshua Fields Millburn and Ryan Nicodemus share how our lives can be better with less. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Unknown","tags":" Jaume Collet-Serra Liam Neeson, Diane Kruger, January Jones, Aidan Quinn, Bruno Ganz, Frank Langella, Sebastian Koch, Olivier Schneider, Stipe Erceg, Rainer Bock Liam Neeson stars as a man who regains consciousness after a car accident, only to discover that another man is impersonating him. action,suspenseaction,suspense"},{"title":"What Happened to Mr. Cha?","tags":" Kim Dong-kyu Cha In-pyo, Cho Dal-hwan, Song Jae-ryong With the peak of his career long behind him, an actor clings to his past glory \u2014 until a sudden wake-up call forces him to face who he's become. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"What's Eating Gilbert Grape","tags":" Lasse Hallstr\u00f6m Johnny Depp, Leonardo DiCaprio, Juliette Lewis, Mary Steenburgen, Darlene Cates, Laura Harrington, Mary Kate Schellhardt, Kevin Tighe, John C. Reilly, Crispin Glover In a backwater Iowa town, young Gilbert is torn between taking care of his troubled family and a girl who shows him new possibilities for his life. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Alaska Is a Drag","tags":" Shaz Bennett Martin L. Washington Jr., Maya Washington, Matt Dallas, Christopher O'Shea, Jason Scott Lee, Margaret Cho, Kevin Daniels, John Fleck, Nia Peeples, Adam Tomei Tormented by bullies, an aspiring drag star working at an Alaskan cannery becomes a skilled fighter and is tapped for competition by a boxing coach. drama,lgbtdrama,lgbt"},{"title":"Bobby Jasoos","tags":" Samar Shaikh Vidya Balan, Ali Fazal, Supriya Pathak, Tanvi Azmi, Zarina Wahab, Kiran Kumar, Rajendra Gupta, Arjan Bajwa, Prasad Barve, Aakash Dahiya With unlimited determination and zero field experience, a small-town detective accepts a lucrative case from a mysterious \u2013 and suspicious \u2013 stranger. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Chilling Adventures of Sabrina","tags":"  Kiernan Shipka, Ross Lynch, Miranda Otto, Lucy Davis, Chance Perdomo, Michelle Gomez, Richard Coyle, Jaz Sinclair, Lachlan Watson, Tati Gabrielle, Adeline Rudolph, Abigail Cowen, Gavin Leatherwood, Bronson Pinchot Magic and mischief collide as half-human, half-witch Sabrina navigates between two worlds: mortal teen life and her family's legacy, the Church of Night. suspense,suspense,fantasysuspense,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Tarung Sarung","tags":" Archie Hekagery Panji Zoni, Yayan Ruhian, Maizura, Cemal Farukh, Imelda Therinne, Surya Saputra, Jarot Superdj, Doyok Superdj, Hajra Romessa, Annette Edoarda Wealthy and spoiled, a young man finds something to fight for when he falls in love with an environmental activist protesting his family's business. action,drama,religionaction,drama,religion"},{"title":"Too Handsome to Handle","tags":" Sabrina Rochelle Kalangie Ari Irham, Nikita Willy, Calvin Jeremy, Rachel Amanda, Dimas Dinang, Tarra Budiman, Marcellino Lafrand, Iis Dahlia Wary of the effects of his good looks on others, a shut-in agrees to attend high school for the first time and meets a girl who's immune to his charm. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Best Leftovers Ever!","tags":"  Jackie Tohn, David So, Rosemary Shrager Decadent pasta from day-old fries? Skillful cooks transform tired leftovers into tantalizing new dishes in this wildly creative culinary competition. showshow"},{"title":"Dare Me","tags":"  Willa Fitzgerald, Herizen Guardiola, Marlo Kelly, Rob Heaps, Zach Roerig, Paul Fitzgerald, Alison Thornton, Tammy Blanchard, Amanda Brugel, Chris Zylka Relationships topple and loyalties flip when an icy new cheerleading coach takes over the high school squad ruled by Beth and her devoted BFF, Addy. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Equinox","tags":"  Danica Curcic, Karoline Hamm, Viola Martinsen, Lars Brygmann, Hanne Hedelund, August Issac Carter, Fanny Leander Bornedal, Ask Mossberg Truelsen, Peder Holm Johansen, Alexandre Willaume, Susanne Storm, Andrea Engelsmann Persson, Thomas Chaanhing, Morten Hauch-Fausb\u00f8ll, Eskil Tonnesen Haunted by visions after her sister vanished with her classmates 21 years before, Astrid begins an investigation that uncovers the dark, eerie truth. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"SanPa: Sins of the Savior","tags":" Cosima Spender  Amidst a heroin crisis, Vincenzo Muccioli cared for the addicted, earning him fierce public devotion \u2014 even as charges of violence began to mount. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Still Game","tags":"  Ford Kiernan, Paul Riley, Jane McCarry, Greg Hemphill, Mark Cox, Gavin Mitchell, Sanjeev Kohli Scottish pensioners Jack and Victor make the most of their golden years, getting themselves into all kinds of scrapes in their Glasgow suburb. foregin,classic,foreginforegin,classic,foregin"},{"title":"The Rope Curse 2","tags":" Liao Shih-han Lee Kang-sheng, Wilson Hsu, Vera Chen, Yen Cheng-kuo, Chen Bor-jeng, Liu Kuo-shao After a purification ritual unravels, a conflicted Taoist priest attempts to help a lonely young psychic whose aunt is possessed by a powerful demon. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"A Love So Beautiful","tags":"  Kim Yo-han, So Joo-yeon, Yeo Hoi-hyun, Jeong Jin-hwan, Jo Hye-joo, Yun Seo-hyun, Cho Ryun, Kim Sung-gon, Seong Hye-min, Park Ji-won Love is as tough as it is sweet for a lovestruck teenager, whose relationship with her next-door neighbor transforms as they grow into adulthood. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Cops and Robbers","tags":" Arnon Manor, Timothy Ware-Hill Timothy Ware-Hill Animation and activism unite in this multimedia spoken-word response to police brutality and racial injustice. dramadrama"},{"title":"Rango","tags":" Gore Verbinski Johnny Depp, Isla Fisher, Abigail Breslin, Ned Beatty, Alfred Molina, Bill Nighy, Stephen Root, Harry Dean Stanton, Timothy Olyphant, Ray Winstone When he becomes lost in the desert, pet chameleon Rango pretends he's a tough guy and ends up sheriff of a corrupt and violent frontier town. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Death to 2020","tags":" Al Campbell, Alice Mathias Samuel L. Jackson, Hugh Grant, Lisa Kudrow, Kumail Nanjiani, Tracey Ullman, Samson Kayo, Leslie Jones, Diane Morgan, Cristin Milioti, Joe Keery As the year we all want to end finally does, take a look back at 2020's mad glory in this comedic retrospective from the creators of \"Black Mirror.\" comedycomedy"},{"title":"Sakho & Mangane","tags":"  Issaka Sawadogo, Yann Gael, Christiane Dumont, Fatou-Elise Ba, Khalima Gadji, Ricky Tribord, Ndiaga Mbow, Christophe Guybet A by-the-book police captain and a brash young detective must team up to take on the supernatural when strange forces begin to wreak havoc on Dakar. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"DNA","tags":" Ma\u00efwenn Ma\u00efwenn, Fanny Ardant, Louis Garrel, Dylan Robert, Marine Vacth, Caroline Chaniolleau, Alain Fran\u00e7on, Florent Lacger, Henri-No\u00ebl Tabary, Omar Marwan Grieving the death of her grandfather, Neige navigates family conflict and questions her world in this meditation about cultural identity and roots. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Regiment Diaries","tags":"   Historical footage and interviews with soldiers showcase war stories, unique traditions and unifying principles of the Indian Army\u2019s various regiments. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Magic School Bus Rides Again In the Zone","tags":" Richard Weston Mikaela Blake, Gabby Clarke, Roman Lutterotti, Leke Maceda-Rustecki, Matthew Mucci, Lynsey Pham, Kaden Stephen, Lights Ms. Frizzle's class sees every show on a pop star's New Year's Eve tour, learning about time zones as they attend all her concerts on the same night. familyfamily"},{"title":"AK vs AK","tags":" Vikramaditya Motwane Anil Kapoor, Anurag Kashyap After a public spat with a movie star, a disgraced director retaliates by kidnapping the actor\u2019s daughter, filming the search for her in real time. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bridgerton","tags":"  Adjoa Andoh, Julie Andrews, Lorraine Ashbourne, Jonathan Bailey, Ruby Barker, Sabrina Bartlett, Harriet Cains, Bessie Carter, Nicola Coughlan, Phoebe Dynevor, Ruth Gemmell, Florence Hunt, Claudia Jessie, Ben Miller, Luke Newton, Reg\u00e9-Jean Page, Golda Rosheuvel, Luke Thompson, Will Tilston, Polly Walker The eight close-knit siblings of the Bridgerton family look for love and happiness in London high society. Inspired by Julia Quinn's bestselling novels. romance,dramaromance,drama"},{"title":"Isa Pa with Feelings","tags":" Prime Cruz Maine Mendoza, Carlo Aquino, Lotlot De Leon, Cris Villanueva, Nikki Valdez, Vangie Labalan, Geleen Eugenio When an aspiring architect falls for her Deaf neighbor, they develop a connection and set out to form their own love language despite their differences. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"We Can Be Heroes","tags":" Robert Rodriguez YaYa Gosselin, Pedro Pascal, Priyanka Chopra, Isaiah Russell-Bailey, Akira Akbar, Christian Slater, Boyd Holbrook, Adriana Barraza, Taylor Dooley, Vivien Lyra Blair, Hala Finley, Lyon Daniels, Sung Kang, Christopher McDonald, Andy Walken, Lotus Blossom, Haley Reinhart, Nathan Blair, Dylan Henry Lau, Andrew Diaz When alien invaders capture Earth\u2019s superheroes, their kids must learn to work together to save their parents \u2014 and the planet. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Bridezilla","tags":" Andibachtiar Yusuf Jessica Mila, Rio Dewanto, Sheila Dara, Rafael Tan, Widyawati, Aimee Saras, Rukman Rosadi, Lucinta Luna After failing to deliver for a demanding bride, a wedding planner makes a bold business move and throws the wedding of the year \u2014 for herself. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Cemara's Family","tags":" Yandy Laurens Ringgo Agus Rahman, Nirina Zubir, Zara JKT48, Widuri Puteri, Ariyo Wahab, Asri Welas, Abdurrahman Arif, Kafin Sulthan After bankruptcy, Abah and Emak must adapt to a new life with their children in a remote village. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Hello, Love, Goodbye","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina Kathryn Bernardo, Alden Richards, Maymay Entrata, Maricel Laxa, Joross Gamboa, Jameson Blake, Kaka Bautista, Lito Pimentel, Jeffrey Tam, Lovely Abella In Hong Kong, the lives of two overseas Filipino workers intertwine as they navigate daily duties, career aspirations and romantic possibilities. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The History of Future Folk","tags":" John Mitchell, Jeremy Kipp Walker Nils d'Aulaire, Jay Klaitz, Julie Ann Emery, April L. Hernandez, Onata Aprile, Dee Snider An alien ordered to colonize Earth abandons his mission when he hears music for the first time and is determined to save his adopted planet. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Midnight Sky","tags":" George Clooney George Clooney, Felicity Jones, Kyle Chandler, Demi\u00e1n Bichir, David Oyelowo, Tiffany Boone, Caoilinn Springall, Sophie Rundle, Ethan Peck In the aftermath of a global catastrophe, a lone scientist in the Arctic races to contact a crew of astronauts with a warning not to return to Earth. dramadrama"},{"title":"Your Name Engraved Herein","tags":" Liu Kuang-hui Edward Chen, Tseng Ching-hua, Leon Dai, Jason Wang, Fabio Grangeon, Mimi Shao, Barry Qu, Erek Lin, Honduras, Lotus Wang In 1987, as martial law ends in Taiwan, Jia-han and Birdy fall in love amid family pressure, homophobia and social stigma. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"After We Collided","tags":" Roger Kumble Josephine Langford, Hero Fiennes Tiffin, Dylan Sprouse, Selma Blair, Louise Lombard, Shane Paul McGhie, Candice King, Charlie Weber, Khadijha Red Thunder, Inanna Sarkis, Pia Mia, Samuel Larsen, Dylan Arnold, Karimah Westbrook, Rob Estes Tessa fell hard and fast for Hardin, but after a betrayal tears them apart, she must decide whether to move on \u2014 or trust him with a second chance. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"London Hughes: To Catch a D*ck","tags":" Kristian Mercado London Hughes Bawdy comedian and television presenter London Hughes revisits her past in this acclaimed breakout special filled with unfiltered tales and wild stories. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Lovestruck in the City","tags":"  Ji Chang-wook, Kim Ji-won, Kim Min-seok, Han Ji-eun, Ryu Gyeong-soo, So Joo-yeon Heart stolen by a free-spirited woman after a beachside romance, a passionate architect sets out to reunite with her on the streets of Seoul. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"QLIMAX THE SOURCE","tags":" Daan Jansen, Stijn Verlinde Michael Brons, Nigel Coppen, Thomas Velderman, Carlos Antunes, Marco Spronk, Willem Rebergen, Joshua Dutrieux, Bob van der Palen, Sefa Vlaarkamp Seven priests. Six realms. One destiny. Begin an immersive audiovisual hardstyle trip into the mystical world of Qlimax \u2014 and become one with the sound. musicmusic"},{"title":"Rhyme Time Town Singalongs","tags":"  Luke Amis, Annabelle Westenholz-Smith, Maddie Evans, Jude Muir, Hannah Jane Fox, Rhashan Stone Love snackable, snap-worthy songs? Sing along with the Rhyme Time Town friends as they use their imaginations and flex their problem-solving skills! familyfamily"},{"title":"Shaun the Sheep","tags":"  John Sparkes, Justin Fletcher, Kate Harbour, Richard Webber, Jo Allen Join freewheeling Shaun for barnyard misadventures with his cousin Timmy, giant sheepdog Bitzer, jealous cat Pidsley and fellow sheep Shirley. foregin,family,comedyforegin,family,comedy"},{"title":"Shaun the Sheep: The Farmer\u2019s Llamas","tags":" Jay Grace Justin Fletcher, John Sparkes, Sean Connolly, Chris Grimes A trio of mischievous llamas from the county fair start making a mess of the farm, so Shaun and the flock must find a way to boot out the troublemakers. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Timmy Time","tags":"  Kate Harbour, Justin Fletcher, Louis Jones This delightful animated series centers on impish lamb Timmy as he enters nursery school, where he learns about sharing, responsibility and fairness. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Ariana grande: excuse me, i love you","tags":" Paul Dugdale Ariana Grande Ariana Grande takes the stage in London for her Sweetener World Tour and shares a behind-the-scenes look at her life in rehearsal and on the road. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"The Con Is On","tags":" James Haslam Uma Thurman, Tim Roth, Alice Eve, Parker Posey, Maggie Q, Crispin Glover, Michael Sirow, Sof\u00eda Vergara, Stephen Fry, Sharon Maughan, Susan Traylor, Wilmer Calderon, Richard Reid, Ethan Cohn, Nathalie Love Two wedded partners-in-crime flee from their massive debt to a deadly crime boss and hatch a jewel heist that could be their ticket to total freedom. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mohamed Hussein","tags":" Muhammad Ali Mohamed Saad, Samir Sabri, Mai Selim, Dina Mohsen, Bayoumi Fouad, Mohammed Tharwat, Feryal Youssef, Nabil Issa, Ahmed Seyam, Hassan Abdulfattah, Hamdi Al Wazir, Mohamed Shahin A luxury hotel chauffeur's life is turned upside down when he unexpectedly becomes the focus of a renowned painter's final art project. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Rhys Nicholson Live at the Athenaeum","tags":" Thomas Toby Parkinson Rhys Nicholson Rhys Nicholson flexes his biting humor as he discusses horse tranquilizers, angry letters from viewers, and more in this stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Atlas Shrugged: Part II","tags":" John Putch Samantha Mathis, Jason Beghe, Esai Morales, Patrick Fabian, Kim Rhodes, Richard T. Jones, D.B. Sweeney, Paul McCrane, John Rubinstein, Robert Picardo With the world's economy in dire straits, corporate protagonist Dagny Taggart searches for a solution amid the rubble of a long-abandoned factory. dramadrama"},{"title":"Diamond City","tags":"  Noxee Maqashalala, Angela Sithole, Nambitha Ben-Mazwi, Thabang Molaba, Lehlohonolo Makoko, Ilse Klink, Makgano Mamabolo, Tshepo Maseko A prominent prosecuting attorney must defend her innocence \u2014 and her life \u2014 when she's set up and sent to prison as she investigates a conspiracy. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Guest House","tags":" Sam Macaroni Pauly Shore, Mike Castle, Aimee Teegarden, Billy Zane, Charlotte McKinney, Louis Ferrigno,  Jr., Erik Griffin, Bobby Lee, Punkie Johnson, Mikaela Hoover, Chris Kattan, Steve-O The only downside to a young couple\u2019s new dream home \u2014 and fresh start \u2014 is the nightmare of the raucous houseguest in back who refuses to leave. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Home for Christmas","tags":"  Ida Elise Broch, Gabrielle Susanne Solheim Leithaug, Dennis Storh\u00f8i, Anette Hoff, Felix Sandman, Ghita N\u00f8rby, Hege Sch\u00f8yen, Bj\u00f8rn Skagestad, Mads Sj\u00f8g\u00e5rd Pettersen Tired of the constant comments on her relationship status, perpetually single Johanne starts a 24-day hunt for a boyfriend to bring home for Christmas. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Ma Rainey's Black Bottom","tags":" George C. Wolfe Viola Davis, Chadwick Boseman, Glynn Turman, Colman Domingo, Michael Potts, Jonny Coyne, Taylour Paige, Jeremy Shamos, Dusan Brown, Joshua Harto Tensions and temperatures rise at a Chicago music studio in 1927 when fiery, fearless blues singer Ma Rainey joins her band for a recording session. drama,musicdrama,music"},{"title":"Mukhsin","tags":" Yasmin Ahmad Mohd Syafie Naswip, Sharifah Aryana, Sharifah Aleya, Adibah Noor, Irwan Iskandar, Sallehuddin Abu Bakar When young Mukhsin arrives in a new town, 10-year-old tomboy Orked adopts him as her new best friend, and the two develop a touching friendship that begins to spill over into the inklings of first love. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Paava Kadhaigal","tags":" Sudha Kongara, Vignesh Shivan, Gautham Vasudev Menon, Vetri Maaran Kalidas Jayaram, Shanthnu Bhagyaraj, Bhavani Sre, Kalki Koechlin, Anjali, Padam Kumar, Prakash Raj, Sai Pallavi, Hari, Gautham Vasudev Menon, Simran At times dark, at times disturbing, four short films explore stories of those who dare to dream and desire \u2014 and those determined to stand in their way. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Rabun","tags":" Yasmin Ahmad M. Rajoli, Kartina Aziz, Rozie Rashid, Irwan Iskandar, Noor Khiriah, Hafiz Ibrahim A free-spirited couple leave the city to retire in the country. But when they're swindled by a relative, life in the countryside loses its luster. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Talentime","tags":" Yasmin Ahmad Mahesh Jugal Kishor, Pamela Chong Ven Teen, Mohd Syafie Naswip, Jaclyn Victor, Harith Iskander, Mislina Mustaffa, Sukania Venugopal The stakes are high \u2014 on stage and off \u2014 when a group of talented young musicians face off for an inter-school talent competition. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"An Unremarkable Christmas","tags":" Juan Camilo Pinzon Antonio Sanint, Luis Eduardo Arango, Mar\u00eda Cecilia S\u00e1nchez, Mariana G\u00f3mez, Juli\u00e1n Cerati, Aura Cristina Geithener, Biassini Segura, Lina Tejeiro, Julio C\u00e9sar Herrera, Christian Villamil An accountant and aspiring magician invites his boss to spend Christmas with his family \u2014 unaware that he's one of Colombia's most-wanted criminals. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Braven","tags":" Lin Oeding Jason Momoa, Garret Dillahunt, Jill Wagner, Stephen Lang, Sasha Rosoff, Sala Baker, Fraser Aitcheson, Teach Grant, Glenn Ennis, Todd Scott, Zahn McClarnon, Brendan Fletcher A logger defends himself and his family from a group of murderous drug traffickers who have hidden a stash of heroin in his hunting cabin. actionaction"},{"title":"Eggnoid: Love & Time Portal","tags":" Naya Anindita Morgan Oey, Sheila Dara, Luna Maya, Kevin Julio, Anggika Bolsterli, Reza Nangin, Martin Anugrah, Fatih Unru Sent from the future to look after a lonely girl, Eggy finds himself falling for her. But dating is forbidden and would risk both their fates. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Love You to the Stars and Back","tags":" Antoinette Jadaone Julia Barretto, Joshua Garcia, Carmina Villaroel, Cherry Pie Picache, Ariel Rivera, Maricar Reyes, Edgar Allan Guzman, Jelson Bay, Odette Khan In search of aliens, a young woman's road trip becomes an emotional journey when she finds \u2014 and falls for \u2014 a charming companion with cancer. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Morphle","tags":"   Little Mila turns playtime into a series of fun and educational adventures with her magical pet Morphle, who transforms into anything she dreams up! foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Run On","tags":"  Yim Si-wan, Shin Sae-kyeong, Choi Soo-young, Kang Tae-oh, Park Yeong-gyu, Cha Hwa-yeon, Lee Bong-ryeon, Ryu Abell, Seo Jae-hee, Yeon Je-wook, Choi Jae-hyun, Lee Jeong-ha, Park Sung-jun, Lee Hwang-eui, Lee Shin-ki, Kim Dong-yeong, Kim Si-eun, Kim Si-young Veering off course from his preset path, a track star follows his own pace and heart for the first time after a film translator steps into his life. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Sakaling Maging Tayo","tags":" JP Habac McCoy De Leon, Elisse Joson, Bembol Roco, Chai Fonacier, Paulo Angeles, Markus Paterson, Milo Elmido Jr. A college student seizes his chance with a crush when an unexpected encounter turns into a night of bold dares, deep confessions and possible romance. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Schulz Saves America","tags":" Alexx Media Andrew Schulz Comedian Andrew Schulz takes on the year's most divisive topics in this fearlessly unfiltered and irreverent four-part special. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Anitta: Made In Hon\u00f3rio","tags":" Andrucha Waddington, Pedro Waddington Anitta In this intimate documentary, Brazilian pop queen Anitta opens up about fame, family and her fierce work ethic, revealing the woman behind the hits. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Bwakaw","tags":" Jun Lana Eddie Garcia, Princess, Rez Cortez, Bibeth Orteza, Joey Paras, Allan Paule, Beverly Salviejo, Soxy Topacio, Armida Siguion-Reyna, Luz Valdez, Gardo Versoza Gruff and alone, retiree Rene rejects most human contact but begins to soften when he comes to terms with his homosexuality. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"How To Ruin Christmas","tags":"   Prodigal daughter Tumi tries to make things right after completely ruining what should have been her sister's picture-perfect Christmas wedding. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Incarnate","tags":" Brad Peyton Aaron Eckhart, Carice van Houten, Catalina Sandino Moreno, David Mazouz, Keir O'Donnell, Matt Nable, Emily Jackson, Paul Vincent O'Connor, Natalija Nogulich, John Pirruccello, Mark Steger, Emjay Anthony, Karolina Wydra An unconventional demon hunter faces his greatest challenge when he steps inside the subconscious mind of a boy possessed by a powerful entity. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Lee Daniels' The Butler","tags":" Lee Daniels Forest Whitaker, Oprah Winfrey, John Cusack, Jane Fonda, Cuba Gooding Jr., Terrence Howard, Lenny Kravitz, James Marsden, David Oyelowo, Alan Rickman, Liev Schreiber, Robin Williams, Mariah Carey, Alex Pettyfer, Vanessa Redgrave, David Banner, Michael Rainey Jr. The life of a White House butler who worked for eight presidents unfolds against a backdrop of unparalleled change in American history. dramadrama"},{"title":"Marvel Anime: Wolverine","tags":"  Rikiya Koyama, Romi Park, Fumiko Orikasa, Hidekatsu Shibata, Kazuki Yao, Masato Hagiwara Logan, aka mutant X-Man Wolverine, is on a quest to reclaim the love of his life \u2013 whose crime lord father is planning an arranged marriage for her. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Marvel Anime: X-Men","tags":"  Toshiyuki Morikawa, Rikiya Koyama, Katsunosuke Hori, Aya Hisakawa, Kaori Yamagata, Yoshiko Sakakibara, Yurika Hino, Yukari Tamura, Hideyuki Tanaka A year after their dissolution, the X-Men are re-assembled by Professor Charles Xavier to investigate the kidnapping of young mutants in Japan. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Nocturnal Animals","tags":" Tom Ford Amy Adams, Jake Gyllenhaal, Michael Shannon, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Isla Fisher, Ellie Bamber, Armie Hammer, Karl Glusman, Laura Linney, Michael Sheen, Andrea Riseborough Reading her ex-husband's violent novel manuscript destabilizes gallery owner Susan's life, upending her present while digging up their past. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Ripper","tags":" Ellena Wood, Jesse Vile  In the late 1970s, British police struggle to identify \u2014 let alone capture \u2014 the serial killer known throughout the world as the Yorkshire Ripper. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"Vir Das: Outside In - The Lockdown Special","tags":" Vir Das Vir Das Stage banter takes on a different \u2014 deeper \u2014 meaning as the comedian performs online shows to homebound viewers worldwide from his Mumbai residence. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Black Ink Crew New York","tags":"  Ceaser Emanuel, Dutchess Lattimore, Puma Robinson, Alex Estevez, Sassy Bermudez At a Black-owned-and-operated hotspot for ink in Harlem, tattoo king Ceaser looks to expand his empire while working with a rambunctious crew. showshow"},{"title":"Grizzlies","tags":" Miranda de Pencier Ben Schnetzer, Emerald MacDonald, Booboo Stewart, Will Sasso, Paul Nutarariaq, Ricky Marty-Pahtaykan, Tantoo Cardinal, Eric Schweig A group of disaffected students form an unlikely bond through the game of lacrosse when a new teacher introduces the sport to their remote Arctic town. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Pup Academy","tags":"  Christian Convery, Don Lake, Chance Hurstfield, Aria Birch, Dylan Schombing, Riley O'Donnell Furry friends take a re-bark-able journey in this series about an extraordinary school for the cutest, cuddliest and most curious puppies. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Song Exploder","tags":"  Hrishikesh Hirway Get inspired as musicians dig deep into the creative process of songwriting and reveal their intimate thoughts in a series based on the hit podcast. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Teen Mom 2","tags":"  Jenelle Evans, Chelsea Houska, Kailyn Lowry, Leah Messer The highs and lows of new parenting and adulting create drama and heartbreak as life moves on for the cast of \"16 and Pregnant\" Season 2. showshow"},{"title":"The Challenge","tags":"  Jamie Chung, Landon Lueck, Diem Brown, Mike 'The Miz' Mizanin, Darrell Taylor, Wes Bergmann, Jodi Weatherton, Brad Fiorenza, Cara Maria Sorbello, Zachary Nichols, Turabi \"Turbo\" \u00c7amk\u0131ran, Theo Campbell Reality show alumni must compete in grueling physical contests and survive eliminations amid cutthroat alliances and steamy hookups to win big money. showshow"},{"title":"The Professor and the Madman","tags":" Farhad Safinia Mel Gibson, Sean Penn, Natalie Dormer, Eddie Marsan, Steve Coogan, Stephen Dillane, Ioan Gruffudd, Jennifer Ehle, Jeremy Irvine, David O'Hara, Anthony Andrews While working on the first Oxford English Dictionary, a scholar receives thousands of entries from a doctor with a lengthy vocabulary and dark secrets. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"A California Christmas","tags":" Shaun Paul Piccinino Lauren Swickard, Josh Swickard, Ali Afshar, David Del Rio, Natalia Mann, Katelyn Epperly, Gunnar Anderson, Julie Lancaster, Amanda Detmer With his carefree lifestyle on the line, a wealthy charmer poses as a ranch hand to get a hardworking farmer to sell her family\u2019s land before Christmas. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Hilda","tags":"  Bella Ramsey, Ameerah Falzon-Ojo, Oliver Nelson, Daisy Haggard, Rasmus Hardiker Fearless, free-spirited Hilda finds new friends, adventure and magical creatures when she leaves her enchanted forest home and journeys to the city. familyfamily"},{"title":"Tiny Pretty Things","tags":"  Lauren Holly, Kylie Jefferson, Casimere Jollette, Brennan Clost, Barton Cowperthwaite, Bayardo De Murguia, Damon J. Gillespie, Anna Maiche, Daniela Norman, Michael Hsu Rosen, Tory Trowbridge When an attack brings down the star student at an elite ballet school, her replacement enters a world of lies, betrayal \u2014 and cutthroat competition. drama,suspense,suspensedrama,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Netflix Afterparty: The Best Shows of The Worst Year","tags":"  David Spade, London Hughes, Fortune Feimster David Spade, Fortune Feimster and London Hughes welcome guests from \"Tiger King,\" \"Emily in Paris,\" \"The Queen's Gambit\" and more. Plus: Kevin Hart. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Children of Adam","tags":"  Maguy Bou Ghosn, Daniella Rahme, Maxim Khalil, Qays Sheikh Najib, Mohamed Yaghy, Rodney Haddad, Nada Abou Farhat Amid crime and corruption, the lives of two couples intertwine as unexpected events soon reveal their dark secrets and tainted pasts. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Grizzy et les Lemmings","tags":"  Pierre-Alain de Garrigues, Josselin Charier Strong, whip-smart Grizzy rules a Canadian forest, where he has his paws full with a family of frolicsome lemmings. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Canvas","tags":" Frank E. Abney III  After a heartbreaking loss, a grandfather struggling to reclaim his passion for painting finds the inspiration to create again. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Giving Voice","tags":" James D. Stern, Fernando Villena Viola Davis, Denzel Washington, Stephen Henderson, Freedom Martin, Nia Sarfo, Cody Merridith, Gerardo Navarro, Aaron Guy, Callie Holley Six ambitious student actors audition for the prestigious August Wilson Monologue Competition, culminating in a riveting final round on Broadway. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Mess You Leave Behind","tags":"  Inma Cuesta, B\u00e1rbara Lennie, Tamar Novas, Ar\u00f3n Piper, Roberto Enr\u00edquez, Roque Ru\u00edz, Isabel Garrido, Fede P\u00e9rez, Alfonso Agra, Susana Dans, Xavier Est\u00e9vez, Xos\u00e9 Antonio Touri\u00f1\u00e1n, Mar\u00eda Tasende, Camila Bossa, Mar\u00eda Costas, Abril Zamora, Chelo Falc\u00f3n, Ana Santos, Mela Casal, C\u00e9sar Cambeiro A teacher starts her job at a high school but is haunted by a suspicious death that occurred there weeks before... and begins fearing for her own life. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Prom","tags":" Ryan Murphy Meryl Streep, James Corden, Nicole Kidman, Kerry Washington, Andrew Rannells, Keegan-Michael Key, Jo Ellen Pellman, Ariana DeBose, Mary Kay Place, Kevin Chamberlin, Tracey Ullman, Logan Riley, Sofia Deler, Nico Greetham, Nathaniel J. Potvin A group of down-on-their-luck Broadway stars shake up a small Indiana town as they rally behind a teen who just wants to attend prom with her girlfriend. comedy,lgbt,musiccomedy,lgbt,music"},{"title":"Torbaaz","tags":" Girish Malik Sanjay Dutt, Nargis Fakhri, Rahul Dev, Priyanka Verma, Kuwaarjeet Chopraa, Aishan Jawaid Malik, Rahul Mittra, Gavie Chahal, Humayun Shams Khan, Babrak Akbari At an Afghanistan refugee camp, an ex-army doctor seeks to bring children joy through cricket \u2014 and soon realizes that the stakes go beyond the sport. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Alice in Borderland","tags":"  Kento Yamazaki, Tao Tsuchiya, Nijiro Murakami, Yuki Morinaga, Keita Machida, Ayaka Miyoshi, Dori Sakurada, Aya Asahina, Shuntaro Yanagi, Yutaro Watanabe, Ayame Misaki, Mizuki Yoshida, Tsuyoshi Abe, Nobuaki Kaneko, Sho Aoyagi, Riisa Naka An aimless gamer and his two friends find themselves in a parallel Tokyo, where they're forced to compete in a series of sadistic games to survive. foregin,action,suspenseforegin,action,suspense"},{"title":"Funny Boy","tags":" Deepa Mehta Brandon Ingram, Nimmi Harasgama, Ali Kazmi, Arush Nand, Agam Darshi, Rehan Mudannayake, Shivantha Wijesinha, Seema Biswas, Hidaayath Hazeer A student must navigate issues of sexuality, identity and family amid Sri Lanka's social turmoil of the 1970s and 1980s. drama,lgbtdrama,lgbt"},{"title":"Just The Way You Are","tags":" Theodore Boborol Enrique Gil, Liza Soberano, Yves Flores, Sue Ramirez, Erin Ocampo, Yayo Aguila, Alex Diaz, Jon Lucas, Chienna Filomeno, Marco Gumabao, Myrtle Sarrosa, Kyra Custodio, Miguel Vergara, Tonton Gutierrez, Ricky Davao, Sunshine Cruz An overconfident teen bets he can make a homely transfer student fall in love with him in 30 days \u2014 but the wager starts to play games with his heart. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"She's the One","tags":" Mae Czarina Cruz Bea Alonzo, Dingdong Dantes, Enrique Gil When his best friend gets stranded in the rain and becomes the subject of a romantic viral video, a morning show host must confront his true feelings. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Panti Sisters","tags":" Jun Lana Paolo Ballesteros, Martin del Rosario, Christian Bables, John Arcilla, Carmi Martin, Rosanna Roces, Joross Gamboa, Via Antonio, Roxanne Barcelo Three gay siblings are told by their terminally ill father that they must each produce a grandchild in order to inherit their share of his fortune. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Kalel, 15","tags":" Jun Lana Elijah Canlas, Eddie Garcia, Jaclyn Jose, Gabby Padilla, Cedrick Juan, Elora Espano, Sue Prado Surrounded by tensions and secrets, a teenage boy searches for validation and navigates life with a dysfunctional family following an HIV diagnosis. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Masameer Classics","tags":"  Malik Nejer, Abdulaziz Alshehri Through dark comedy and eccentric characters, this web series offers a humorous view of the changes and cultural shifts in Saudi Arabia from 2011-2019. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Once Upon a Time","tags":"  Ruby, Mohamed Farraag, Ahmed Dawood, Sawsan Badr, Arwa Gouda, Hesham Ismail, Ali Al Tayeb, Mahmoud El-Bezzawy, Heba Abdelghany, Hany Seif Fighting to save his ancestors' mansion from demolition, Youssef unpacks a series of love stories that took place there with a journalist. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Rose Island","tags":" Sydney Sibilia Elio Germano, Matilda De Angelis, Tom Wlaschiha, Luca Zingaretti, Fabrizio Bentivoglio, Leonardo Lidi, Fran\u00e7ois Cluzet An idealistic engineer builds his own island off the coast of Italy and declares it a nation, drawing the attention of the world \u2014 and the government. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Big Show Show","tags":"  Paul Wight, Allison Munn, Reylynn Caster, Lily Brooks O'Briant, Juliet Donenfeld Former WWE wrestler the Big Show is out of the ring and ready for an even tougher challenge: raising three daughters with his wife in Florida. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Expanding Universe of Ashley Garcia","tags":"  Paulina Ch\u00e1vez, Jencarlos Canela 15-year-old scientist Ashley Garcia explores the great unknown of modern teendom after moving across the country to pursue a career in robotics. family,comedy,showfamily,comedy,show"},{"title":"The Surgeon's Cut","tags":"   They\u2019re philosophers, storytellers and pioneers in their fields. Four surgeons reflect on their lives and professions in this inspiring docuseries. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Andr\u00e9 & his olive tree","tags":" Josiah Ng Andr\u00e9 Chiang As he prepares to close his restaurant, Michelin-starred Chef Andr\u00e9 Chiang embarks on a personal and emotional journey of reflection. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Bobbleheads The Movie","tags":" Kirk Wise Jennifer Coolidge, Karen Fukuhara, Khary Payton, Julian Sands, Brenda Song, Luke Wilson, Cher A team of bobbleheads band together to defend their collector\u2019s home when uninvited relatives barge in looking to steal from his prized collection. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Emicida: AmarElo - It\u2019s All For Yesterday","tags":"  Emicida Between scenes from his concert in S\u00e3o Paulo's Theatro Municipal, rapper and activist Emicida celebrates the rich legacy of Black Brazilian culture. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Juman","tags":"  Nour Al Ghandour, Muhanad Al-Hamdi, Huda El Khateib, Hassan Ibrahim, Abdullah Al-Turkumani, Nasser Kermani, Foaz Al -Shatti, Muhammad Al Dousari, Ahmed El Hozeem, Ghorour, Fatma Al Tabbakh Despite their estranged families, Juman and Hisham fall in love and get married but their different outlooks on life soon threaten their relationship. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Mr. Iglesias","tags":"  Gabriel Iglesias, Sherri Shepherd, Jacob Vargas, Maggie Geha, Richard Gant, Cree Cicchino, Fabrizio Guido, Oscar Nu\u00f1ez Hilarious high school teacher Gabriel Iglesias tries to make a difference in the lives of some smart but underperforming students at his alma mater. comedy,showcomedy,show"},{"title":"Spirit Riding Free: Ride Along Adventure","tags":" Beth Sleven, Allan Jacobsen, Kevin Wotton Amber Frank, Bailey Gambertoglio, Sydney Park, Katey Sagal, Rachel Kimsey, Darcy Rose Byrnes, Duncan Joiner, Bella Aboulhosn, Kai Scott Join Lucky and her friends on an interactive mission to save Maricela\u2019s beloved mare from greedy horse thieves who've taken her captive with a wild herd. familyfamily"},{"title":"Triple 9","tags":" John Hillcoat Casey Affleck, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Anthony Mackie, Aaron Paul, Clifton Collins Jr., Norman Reedus, Woody Harrelson, Kate Winslet, Teresa Palmer, Michael Kenneth Williams, Gal Gadot A group of dirty Atlanta cops blackmailed by the Russian mob plan a seemingly impossible heist that sets off an explosive chain reaction of violence. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"100 Days My Prince","tags":"  Doh Kyung-soo, Nam Ji-hyun, Cho Seong-ha, Cho Han-cheul, Kim Seon-ho, Han So-hee Upon losing his memory, a crown prince encounters a commoner\u2019s life and experiences unforgettable love as the husband to Joseon\u2019s oldest bachelorette. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Ava","tags":" Tate Taylor Jessica Chastain, Colin Farrell, John Malkovich, Common, Geena Davis, Jess Weixler, Diana Silvers, Joan Chen, Ioan Gruffudd An elite assassin wrestling with doubts about her work scrambles to protect herself \u2014 and her estranged family \u2014 after a hit goes dangerously wrong. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Room 2806: The Accusation","tags":" Jalil Lespert  This docuseries follows the 2011 sexual assault case involving French politician Dominique Strauss-Kahn at the height of his career. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Detention","tags":" Su I-Hsuan, Chuang Shiang-an, Liu Yi Li Lingwei, Han Ning, Huang Guanzhi, Jack Yao, Hsia Teng-hung, David Chao, Luo Guanxu, Wu Kunda, Serena Fang, Carol Cheng, Chang Han A tormented student uncovers unsettling secrets at her remote high school as betrayal and a paranormal encounter upend her life. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Mighty Express: A Mighty Christmas","tags":" Clint Butler Jay Hatton, Zoe Hatz, Meesha Contreras, Dylan Schombing, Tyler Nathan, Leo Orgil, Michela Luci, Ian Ho, Evan Lefeuvre, Annick Obonsawin, Gracen Daly The Mighty Express welcomes a new train and speeds into a snowstorm to deliver Santa\u2019s presents and save Christmas for all the kids in Tracksville. familyfamily"},{"title":"Bhaag Beanie Bhaag","tags":"  Swara Bhasker, Dolly Singh, Ravi Patel, Varun Thakur, Mona Ambegaonkar, Girish Kulkarni Facing disapproving parents, a knotty love life and her own inner critic, an aspiring comic ditches her cushy but unsatisfying life to pursue stand-up. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Big Mouth","tags":"  Nick Kroll, John Mulaney, Jessi Klein, Jason Mantzoukas, Jenny Slate, Fred Armisen, Maya Rudolph, Jordan Peele Teenage friends find their lives upended by the wonders and horrors of puberty in this edgy comedy from real-life pals Nick Kroll and Andrew Goldberg. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Captain Underpants Mega Blissmas","tags":" Erik Kling, Kevin Peaty Nat Faxon, Jay Gragnani, Ramone Hamilton, Sean Astin, Dayci Brookshire, Jim Cummings, Jorge Diaz Christmas gets weird \u2014 really weird \u2014 after George and Harold go back in time to change up a few of their beloved holiday's traditions. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Christmas Crossfire","tags":" Detlev Buck Kostja Ullmann, Alli Neumann, Sascha Alexander Gersak, Sophia Thomalla, Merlin Rose, Detlev Buck, Peter Kurth, Anika Mauer, Frederic Linkemann, Bernd H\u00f6lscher A man foils an attempted murder, then flees the crew of would-be killers along with their intended target as a woman he's just met tries to find him. comedy,foregin,suspensecomedy,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Kings of Jo'Burg","tags":"  Shona Ferguson, Zolisa Xaluva, Tsholofelo Matshaba, Sello Sebotsane, Buhle Samuels, Thembi Seete, TK Sebothoma, Cindy Mahlangu, Lunathi Mampofu, Abdul Khoza, Connie Ferguson The Masire brothers rule Johannesburg's criminal underworld, but a supernatural family curse and a tangled web of betrayal threaten to destroy them. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Leyla Everlasting","tags":"  Demet Akba\u011f, Haluk Bilginer, El\u00e7in Sangu, F\u0131rat Tan\u0131\u015f, Alican Y\u00fccesoy, Emre K\u0131v\u0131lc\u0131m, Hakan Eke, \u0130hsan Ceylan, Bimen Zartar A resilient housewife, her husband and their marriage therapist become mired in a toxic love triangle and a plot to obtain an antique manuscript. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"MANK","tags":" David Fincher Gary Oldman, Amanda Seyfried, Charles Dance, Lily Collins, Arliss Howard, Tom Pelphrey, Sam Troughton, Ferdinand Kingsley, Tuppence Middleton, Tom Burke, Joseph Cross, Jamie McShane, Toby Leonard Moore, Monika Gossmann 1930s Hollywood is reevaluated through the eyes of scathing wit and alcoholic screenwriter Herman J. Mankiewicz as he races to finish \u201cCitizen Kane.\u201d drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"You Are My Home","tags":" Amanda Raymond Alyssa Milano, Angel Parker, Cristi\u00e1n de la Fuente, Eva Ariel Binder, Joel Steingold After becoming separated from her family, a young girl finds herself in the care of a heartbroken woman who faces her own struggles. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Between Maybes","tags":" Jason Paul Laxamana Gerald Anderson, Julia Barretto, Yayo Aguila, Christian Vazquez A former actress takes a trip to Japan, where she meets a young man who provides an escape from reality and makes her consider a different way of life. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Break","tags":" Marc Fouchard Sabrina Ouazani, K\u00e9vin Mischel, Hassam Ghancy, Slimane, Maxime Pambet, Camille Japy, Christophe Reymond After a serious accident, Lucie tries to rediscover herself as a dancer and meets Vincent, a talented b-boy battling his own insecurities. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Just Another Christmas","tags":" Roberto Santucci Leandro Hassum, Elisa Pinheiro, Danielle Winits, Louise Cardoso, Rodrigo Fagundes, Arianne Botelho, Miguel R\u00f4mulo, Jos\u00e9 Rubens Chach\u00e1, Levi Ferreira, Daniel Filho Stuck in a time loop where it's forever Christmas, a family man who hates the holiday starts to learn valuable lessons about what's important in life. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Must Be... Love","tags":" Dado C. Lumibao Kathryn Bernardo, Daniel Padilla, Liza Soberano, John Estrada, John Lapus When a teenage girl develops romantic feelings for her childhood best friend, she finds herself changing her ways to win him over. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Alien Worlds","tags":"   Applying the laws of life on Earth to the rest of the galaxy, this series blends science fact and fiction to imagine alien life on other planets. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Ari Eldj\u00e1rn: Pardon My Icelandic","tags":" August Jakobsson Ari Eldj\u00e1rn In this English-language special, Icelandic comedian Ari Eldj\u00e1rn pokes fun at Nordic rivalries, Hollywood's take on Thor, the whims of toddlers and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Check The Store Next Door: The Next Chapter","tags":"  Ernest Prakasa, Chew Kin Wah, Dion Wiyoko, Morgan Oey, Anggika Bolsterli, Arie Kriting, Yusril Fahriza, Awwe, Adjis Doaibu, Aci Resti, Bintang Emon, Jenny Zhang, Soleh Solihun, Denny Gitong When a former shop owner grows bored of retirement, he buys a fish pond and manages the new hijinks in his life with a staff of quirky employees. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Fierce","tags":" Anna Wieczur-Bluszcz Katarzyna Sawczuk, Maciej Zako\u015bcielny, Anita Soko\u0142owska, Julia Kami\u0144ska, Tomasz Karolak, Maria Pakulnis, Barbara Wypych, Wojciech Solarz, Adrian Majewski, Micha\u0142 Piprowski, Urszula Dudziak, Krzysztof Ibisz A gifted young singer becomes an instant sensation on a popular talent show. But her real goal is earning the love of her father, a member of the jury. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Hazel Brugger: Tropical","tags":"  Hazel Brugger In this stand-up special, comedian Hazel Brugger offers her breezy takes on unruly geese, chatty gynecologists, German bank loans and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"3 Days to Kill","tags":" McG Kevin Costner, Amber Heard, Hailee Steinfeld, Connie Nielsen, T\u00f3mas Lemarquis, Richard Sammel, Marc Andr\u00e9oni, Bruno Ricci, Jonas Bloquet, Eriq Ebouaney A terminally ill secret agent accepts a risky mission in exchange for an experimental drug that might save him \u2013 if he can survive its side effects. actionaction"},{"title":"Angela's Christmas Wish","tags":" Damien O\u2019Connor Lucy O'Connell, Brendan Mullins, Ruth Negga, Lola Metcalfe, Jared Harris, Moe Dunford, Oscar Butler, Shona Hamill, Pat Kinevane, Janet Moran, Anya O'Connor With her father working far away in Australia, a determined Angela makes a plan \u2014 and a heartfelt wish \u2014 to reunite her family in time for the holidays. familyfamily"},{"title":"Angels & Demons","tags":" Ron Howard Tom Hanks, Ewan McGregor, Ayelet Zurer, Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd, Pierfrancesco Favino, Nikolaj Lie Kaas, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Thure Lindhardt, David Pasquesi, Cosimo Fusco A Harvard symbologist races to uncover clues that will help stop an attack on the Vatican by a secret society looking to retaliate for old persecutions. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Are You The One","tags":"  Ryan Devlin Determined by a dating algorithm, a group of single contestants must identify their perfect matches for a shot at love and a cash prize. showshow"},{"title":"Chef","tags":" Jon Favreau Jon Favreau, Sof\u00eda Vergara, John Leguizamo, Scarlett Johansson, Dustin Hoffman, Oliver Platt, Bobby Cannavale, Amy Sedaris, Robert Downey Jr., Emjay Anthony, Russell Peters After igniting a Twitter war with a well-known culinary critic, a Los Angeles chef packs his knives, heads home to Miami and opens a food truck. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Effie Gray","tags":" Richard Laxton Dakota Fanning, Emma Thompson, Julie Walters, David Suchet, Derek Jacobi, James Fox, Robbie Coltrane, Claudia Cardinale, Greg Wise, Tom Sturridge Trapped in a loveless marriage, the young wife of Victorian-era art critic John Ruskin finds herself falling for an artist \u2014 and looking for a way out. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Gormiti","tags":"  Dermot Arrigan, Jenny Beacraft, Stephanie Figueira, Ella Galt, James Giblin, Noah Levin Four friends become guardians of the island Gorm and must harness powers of the elements to stop an evil lord and his army from ruling the kingdom. familyfamily"},{"title":"Ink Master","tags":"  Dave Navarro, Chris Nu\u00f1ez, Oliver Peck Ten of the country's most skilled tattoo artists compete for $100,000 and the title of Ink Master in this high-stakes elimination competition. showshow"},{"title":"Monster House","tags":" Gil Kenan Mitchel Musso, Sam Lerner, Spencer Locke, Steve Buscemi, Kathleen Turner, Jason Lee, Jon Heder, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Catherine O'Hara, Fred Willard, Nick Cannon, Kevin James A trio of friends sets out to expose the terrors of a vacant neighborhood house, which appears to have a craving for people \u2014 and a life of its own. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Natalie Palamides: Nate - A One Man Show","tags":" Phil Burgers Natalie Palamides Tough talk takes a soft turn as Nate, played by comedian Natalie Palamides, explores humor, heartbreak, sexuality and consent \u2014 with a live audience. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Octonauts","tags":"  Keith Wickham, Jo Wyatt, Ross Breen, Simon Greenall, Paul Panting, Rob Rackstraw, Teresa Gallagher, Shelley Longworth A team of brave underwater explorers known as the Octonauts combs the world's oceans for aquatic creatures in desperate need of assistance. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Oddbods","tags":"  Nadia Ramlee, Chio Su-Ping, Jeremy Linn, Marlon Dance-Hooi Seven furry, colorful friends who live in the small town of Oddsville like to play, have adventures and get into all sorts of creative mischief. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Peppermint","tags":" Pierre Morel Jennifer Garner, John Ortiz, John Gallagher Jr., Juan Pablo Raba, Annie Ilonzeh, Jeff Hephner, Pell James, Method Man, Cailey Fleming, Tyson Ritter After her family is murdered, a mild-mannered mom remakes herself into a badass vigilante in order to exact violent justice. actionaction"},{"title":"Quigley Down Under","tags":" Simon Wincer Tom Selleck, Laura San Giacomo, Alan Rickman, Chris Haywood, Ron Haddrick, Tony Bonner, Jerome Ehlers, Ben Mendelsohn, Conor McDermottroe, Roger Ward After traveling to Australia for a job, a sharpshooting cowboy becomes a target himself when he refuses an immoral assignment from a corrupt landowner. actionaction"},{"title":"Stargate SG-1","tags":"  Richard Dean Anderson, Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping, Christopher Judge, Don S. Davis, Corin Nemec, Ben Browder, Beau Bridges, Gary Jones Stargate Command roars into action when Jack O'Neill and his crew find a Stargates map that lets them combat alien maneuvers all across the galaxy. classic,action,fantasyclassic,action,fantasy"},{"title":"The Bachelorette","tags":"   Beloved \u201cBachelor\u201d contestant Ali Fedotowsky embarks on her own search for happily ever after and navigates the thrills and spills of reality TV romance. show,romanceshow,romance"},{"title":"The Da Vinci Code","tags":" Ron Howard Tom Hanks, Audrey Tautou, Ian McKellen, Jean Reno, Paul Bettany, Alfred Molina, J\u00fcrgen Prochnow, Jean-Yves Berteloot, Etienne Chicot, Jean-Pierre Marielle When the curator of the Louvre is killed, a Harvard professor and a cryptographer must untangle a web of deceit involving works of Leonardo da Vinci. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Guest","tags":"  Kim Dong-wook, Kim Jae-uk, Jung Eun-chae, Ahn Nae-sang, Lee Won-jong, Park Ho-san Bound together by a tragic past, a psychic, a priest and a detective join forces to take down a powerful spirit that's driven by bloodthirst. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Happytime Murders","tags":" Brian Henson Melissa McCarthy, Elizabeth Banks, Maya Rudolph, Bill Barretta, Leslie David Baker, Joel McHale, Dorien Davies, Cynthy Wu, Michael McDonald, Mitch Silpa In an LA where puppets and humans coexist, a down-on-his-luck detective teams with his ex-partner to nab a killer targeting the cast of an old TV show. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"The Holiday Movies That Made Us","tags":"   Unwrap the real stories behind these iconic Christmas blockbusters, thanks to insider interviews and behind-the-scenes peeks. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Repair Shop","tags":"   Expert artisans restore timeworn family heirlooms with touching sentimental value while also uncovering their uniquely rich histories. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"U-Turn","tags":" Derick Cabrido Kim Chiu, JM de Guzman, Tony Labrusca, Martin del Rosario, Kate Alejandrino, Miel Espinoza, Janella Salvador, Cris Villanueva, Almira Muhlach, Cris Villonco, Mercedes Cabral, Jerry O'Hara, Simon Ibarra, Alex Medina, Markus Paterson A young reporter's investigation into a string of grisly suicides takes a dangerous detour when she follows the clues to a cursed stretch of road. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Finding Agnes","tags":" Marla M. Ancheta Jelson Bay, Sue Ramirez, Sandy Andolong, Roxanne Guinoo, Cheska I\u00f1igo, Hannah Ledesma, Yuan Francisco, Raffa Esplana, Varoon Kessop On an emotional journey in Morocco, an entrepreneur pieces together the turbulent life of his estranged mother and meets her adopted daughter. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Rust Creek","tags":" Jen McGowan Hermione Corfield, Jay Paulson, Sean O'Bryan, Micah Hauptman, Micah Hauptman, Daniel R. Hill, Jeremy Glazer, John Marshall Jones, Laura Guzman, Jake Kidwell A wrong turn in the woods becomes a fight for her life when a career-seeking college student runs into two outlaw brothers looking to cook up trouble. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Spookley and the Christmas Kittens","tags":" Bernie Denk Vlasta Vrana, Sonja Ball, Craig Francis, Richard C. Jones, Michael Perron, Terrence Scammell, Bruce Dinsmore, Jennifer Seguin, Daniel Brochu When a green cat and three stray kittens wind up at Holiday Hill Farm, Spookley the Square Pumpkin and his friends help the felines find their way home. familyfamily"},{"title":"The 2nd","tags":" Brian Skiba Ryan Phillippe, Casper Van Dien, Jack Griffo, Lexi Simonsen, Richard Burgi, William Katt, Samaire Armstrong, William McNamara, Jacob Grodnik A Secret Service agent is drawn into a terrorist plot when his son's classmate, the daughter of a Supreme Court Justice, is targeted for kidnapping. actionaction"},{"title":"The Uncanny Counter","tags":"  Cho Byeong-kyu, Yu Jun-sang, Kim Se-jeong, Yeom Hye-ran, Ahn Seok-hwan, Moon Sook, Choi Yoon-young, Lee Hong-nae Noodle shop employees by day and demon hunters by night, the Counters use special abilities to chase down malevolent spirits that prey on humans. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"A Go! Go! Cory Carson Christmas","tags":" Stanley Moore, Alex Woo Alan C. Lim, Taron C. Hensley, Maisie Benson, Kerry Gudjohnsen, Paul Killam, Smith Foreman, Ann Kendrick, Ella Joy Ballesteros, Neena-Sinaii Simpo, Eli Morse When a familiar-looking stranger crashes in without a memory, Cory helps him remember the magic of Christmas to save the holiday for everyone. familyfamily"},{"title":"Dance Dreams: Hot Chocolate Nutcracker","tags":" Oliver Bokelberg Debbie Allen This documentary spotlights Debbie Allen's career and follows her group of dance students as they prepare for Allen's annual \"Hot Chocolate Nutcracker.\" family,documentalfamily,documental"},{"title":"Don\u2019t Listen","tags":" \u00c1ngel G\u00f3mez Hern\u00e1ndez Rodolfo Sancho, Ana Fern\u00e1ndez, Ram\u00f3n Barea, Bel\u00e9n Fabra, Lucas Blas After a tragic turn of events at the new home he's fixing up, Daniel hears a ghostly plea for help, spurring him to seek out a famous paranormal expert. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Fabulous Lives of Bollywood Wives","tags":"   Cameras follow the banter and bonding between four fun-loving women from Bollywood\u2019s inner circle as they juggle professions, family and friendship. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Heartbreak High","tags":"  Callan Mulvey, Lara Cox, Emma Roche, Ada Nicodemou, Rel Hunt, Putu Winchester, Salvatore Coco, Barbara Gouskos, Ivar Kants, Stephen O'Rourke, Abi Tucker, Scott Major, Corey Page, Despina Caldis, Deni Gordon, Jon Pollard, Vince Poletto, Andrea Moor, Jeremy Lindsay Taylor, Doris Younane, Tony Martin, Sebastian Goldspink, Katherine Halliday, Marcel Bracks, Nina Liu, Morna Seres, Nathalie Roy, Rebecca Smart, Fleur Beaupert, Alex Dimitriades, Tina Bursill, Peter Sumner, Mario Gamma, Tai Nguyen, Inge Hornstra, Rupert Reid, John Walton, Nick Lathouris, Hugh Baldwin, Sarah Lambert, Jan Adele, Diane Craig, Ian Bliss, Alexandra Brunning, Kym Wilson, Isabella Gutierrez, Simon Baker A crash course on the turbulence of being a teen is always on the schedule for the students at Hartley High School in this 1990s series set in Sydney. foregin,drama,showforegin,drama,show"},{"title":"Over Christmas","tags":"  Luke Mockridge, Seyneb Saleh, Cristina do Rego, Lucas Reiber, Johanna Gastdorf, Rudolf Kowalski, Carmen-Maja Antoni, Eugen Bauder, Jonathan Kwesi Aikins, Martina Eitner-Acheampong, Eike Weinreich, Eskindir Tesfay Down-and-out musician Bastian battles the blues as he returns home for Christmas and encounters a series of not-so-cheery surprises. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Sugar Rush Christmas","tags":"  Hunter March, Candace Nelson, Adriano Zumbo It's everything you love about \"Sugar Rush\" \u2013 with a holly jolly holiday twist \u2013 in this Christmas-themed spin on competitive baking. showshow"},{"title":"The Beast","tags":" Ludovico Di Martino Fabrizio Gifuni, Lino Musella, Monica Piseddu, Andrea Pennacchi, Emanuele Linfatti, Nicol\u00f2 Galasso, Giacomo Colavito, Giada Gagliardi, Gianmarco Vettori, Silvia Gallerano, Massimiliano Setti To rescue his daughter, an unstable Special Forces veteran unleashes his inner beast as he pursues her kidnappers \u2014 and soon becomes a suspect himself. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"The Call","tags":" Lee Chung-hyun Park Shin-hye, Jun Jong-seo, Kim Sung-ryoung, EL, Park Ho-san, Oh Jung-se, Lee Dong-hwi, Um Chae-young Connected by phone in the same home but 20 years apart, a serial killer puts another woman\u2019s past \u2014 and life \u2014 on the line to change her own fate. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Fantastica","tags":" Barry Gonzalez Vice Ganda, Richard Gutierrez, Dingdong Dantes, Bela Padilla The owner of a struggling carnival starts putting on small-time shows to save his wonderland as an old friend asks for help with a magical mission. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Larry the Cable Guy: Remain Seated","tags":" Brian Volk-Weiss Larry the Cable Guy With his signature call to \"Git-R-Done,\" Larry muses on swampy weather, late-night shopping at Walmart and other raunchy tales of life in rural America. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mosul","tags":" Matthew Michael Carnahan Suhail Dabbach, Adam Bessa, Is'haq Elias, Qutaiba Abdelhaq, Ahmad El Ghanem, Hicham Ouarqa, Mohimen Mahbuba, Thaer Al-Shayei, Abdellah Bensaid, Faycal Attougui, Mohamed Attougui, Tarik Belmekki, Hayat Kamille, Seema Al Khalidi, Waleed Algadi After his life is saved by a rogue Iraqi squadron, a young police officer joins them in their fight against ISIS in a decimated Mosul. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Unexpectedly Yours","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina Sharon Cuneta, Robin Padilla, Julia Barretto, Joshua Garcia, John Estrada, Pilar Pilapil, Marissa Delgado, Maritoni Fernandez A pair of former batchmates cross paths 30 years later when they wind up as new neighbors, and their reconnection soon blossoms into something more. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Ghosts of War","tags":" Eric Bress Brenton Thwaites, Theo Rossi, Skylar Astin, Kyle Gallner, Alan Ritchson, Billy Zane, Shaun Toub Five, battle-worn Allied soldiers guarding a chateau previously occupied by Nazis start experiencing unexplained and terrifying supernatural horrors. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Great Pretender","tags":"  Chiaki Kobayashi, Junichi Suwabe, Natsumi Fujiwara, Mie Sonozaki Supposedly Japan's greatest swindler, Makoto Edamura gets more than he bargained for when he tries to con Laurent Thierry, a real world-class crook. anime,action,foreginanime,action,foregin"},{"title":"Shawn Mendes: Live in Concert","tags":" Paul Dugdale Shawn Mendes In his hometown of Toronto, Shawn Mendes pours his heart out on stage with a live performance in a stadium packed with adoring fans. musicmusic"},{"title":"The Christmas Chronicles: Part Two","tags":" Chris Columbus Kurt Russell, Goldie Hawn, Darby Camp, Jahzir Bruno, Julian Dennison, Judah Lewis, Kimberly Williams-Paisley, Tyrese Gibson Unhappy over her mom\u2019s new relationship, a now-teenage Kate runs away and lands at the North Pole, where a naughty elf is plotting to cancel Christmas. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Andhakaaram","tags":" V Vignarajan Vinoth Kishan, Arjun Das, Pooja Ramachandran, Kumar Natarajan, Misha Ghoshal, Arul Vincent, Chenthu Mohan, Pradeep Kalipurayath As a blind librarian, dispirited cricketer and desolate psychiatrist each seek retribution and release, their lives overlap under eerie influences. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Before 30","tags":" BB Sasore Damilola Adegbite, O.C. Ukeje, Beverly Naya, Meg Otanwa, Anee Icha, Patrick Diabuah, Tunbosun Aiyedehin, Patrick Doyle Four female friends in the fast-paced city of Lagos, Nigeria endure public and private pressures to walk down the aisle by the age of 30. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Dragons: Rescue Riders: Huttsgalor Holiday","tags":" Greg Rankin, TJ Sullivan Noah Kaye Bentley, Brennley Brown, Zach Callison, Nicolas Cantu, Skai Jackson, Marsai Martin, Andre Robinson, Carlos Alazraqui, Roshon Fegan, Grey Griffin, Brad Grusnick, Sam Lavagnino, John C. McGinley, Roger Craig Smith Snowfall marks the start of Odinyule \u2014 the Viking holiday of giving! But crazy weather might cancel the tradition unless the Rescue Riders can swoop in. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Hillbilly Elegy","tags":" Ron Howard Amy Adams, Glenn Close, Gabriel Basso, Haley Bennett, Freida Pinto, Bo Hopkins, Owen Asztalos An urgent phone call pulls a Yale Law student back to his Ohio hometown, where he reflects on three generations of family history and his own future. dramadrama"},{"title":"Notes for My Son","tags":" Carlos Sor\u00edn Valeria Bertuccelli, Esteban Lamothe, Juli\u00e1n Sor\u00edn, Mauricio Dayub, Malena Pichot, Catarina Spinetta, Carla Quevedo, Anita Pauls, M\u00f3nica Anton\u00f3pulos, Paola Barrientos, Ana Katz, Romina Richi, Diego Gentile, Beatriz Spelzini, Diego Reinhold Battling terminal cancer, a woman writes a one of a kind notebook about life, death and love for her son to remember her by. Based on a true story. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Valentino","tags":"  Adel Imam, Dalal Abdelaziz, Hamdy Al-Merghany, Mohamed al-Kilani, Tarek El Ebiary, Huda El Mufti, Soleiman Eid, Badria Tolba, Reda Idrees, Enaam Al-Gritly, Wafaa Sadeq, Rania Mahmoud Yassin As the owner of a group of international schools, a man gets caught in a series of scams as his wife, a principal, rules his life with an iron fist. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Hard Kill","tags":" Matt Eskandari Jesse Metcalfe, Bruce Willis, Natalie Eva Marie, Lala Kent, Texas Battle, Swen Temmel, Sergio Rizzuto, Tyler Jon Olson, Jon Galanis When a billionaire hires a team of mercenaries for protection, they soon realize world-changing technology and his daughter\u2019s life are also at stake. actionaction"},{"title":"Shawn Mendes: In Wonder","tags":" Grant Singer Shawn Mendes Over the course of a world tour, this unguarded documentary follows Shawn Mendes as he opens up about his stardom, relationships and musical future. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Strongest Deliveryman","tags":"  Ko Kyung-pyo, Chae Soo-bin, Kim Seon-ho, Go Won-hee Two gutsy food delivery workers strive to overcome their socioeconomic disadvantages to achieve big goals \u2013 and bump into love along the way. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"The Suit","tags":" Mohammad Adel Tamer Hosny, Akram Hosny, Amina Khalil, Dalal Abdelaziz, Maged El-Masri, Yasser Ali Maher, Salwa Mohammed, Mahmoud El-Bezzawy, Hassan Hosny, Taher Abu Lela, Ahmed Zaher After a duo of slackers dress up as policemen for a costume party, they decide to prolong their disguise \u2014 not knowing that it will lead them to danger. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Dolly Parton\u2019s Christmas on the Square","tags":" Debbie Allen Dolly Parton, Christine Baranski, Treat Williams, Jenifer Lewis, Josh Segarra, Jeanine Mason, Mary Lane Haskell Seasonal cheer comes to a screeching halt when a cold-hearted woman tries to sell her hometown's land. Can music, magic and memories change her mind? family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Machete Kills","tags":" Robert Rodriguez Danny Trejo, Sof\u00eda Vergara, Charlie Sheen, Michelle Rodriguez, Demi\u00e1n Bichir, Amber Heard, Mel Gibson, William Sadler, Alexa PenaVega, Antonio Banderas, Lady Gaga, Cuba Gooding Jr., Jessica Alba, Walton Goggins, Vanessa Hudgens Killer-for-hire Machete cuts a deal with the U.S. president to stop a nuclear missile attack but discovers a much larger conspiracy. actionaction"},{"title":"40 Sticks","tags":" Victor Gatonye Robert Agengo, Mwaura Bilal, Andreo Kamau, Cajetan Boy, Arabron Nyyeneque, Shiviske Shivisi, Xavier Ywaya When their prison bus crashes in a forest on a rainy night, a group of criminals finds themselves battling wild animals and a mysterious killer. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Alien Xmas","tags":" Stephen Chiodo Keythe Farley, Dee Bradley Baker, Kaliayh Rhambo, Michelle Deco, Barbara Goodson A young elf mistakes a tiny alien for a Christmas gift, not knowing her new plaything has plans to destroy Earth's gravity \u2014 and steal all the presents. familyfamily"},{"title":"Flavorful Origins","tags":"  Yang Chen Delve into the delectable world of Chaoshan cuisine, explore its unique ingredients and hear the stories of the people behind its creation. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"If Anything Happens I Love You","tags":" Will McCormack, Michael Govier  Grieving parents journey through an emotional void as they mourn the loss of a child in the aftermath of a tragic school shooting. dramadrama"},{"title":"Mismatched","tags":"  Prajakta Koli, Rohit Saraf, Vihaan Samat, Taaruk Raina, Vidya Malavade, Kritika Bharadwaj, Rannvijay Singh, Muskkaan Jaferi, Devyani Shorey, Suhasini Mulay, Abhinav Sharma, Ravin Makhija After a disastrous set-up by their families, two teens strike up a tentative friendship at their summer program \u2014 but deeper feelings aren\u2019t far behind. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"The App That Stole Christmas","tags":" Monica Floyd Jackie Long, Diane Marie Howard, Jaylin Hall, Miguel A. N\u00fa\u00f1ez Jr., Ray J, JayQ The Legend, J. Anthony Brown, Kenny Rhodes, Amber Cosich A tech entrepreneur's Christmas shopping app is a smashing success, but he starts to realize his invention might be ruining the holiday spirit. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Voices of Fire","tags":"  Pharrell Williams In this faith-based docuseries, Bishop Ezekiel Williams builds an inspiring, nontraditional gospel choir with the help of superstar nephew Pharrell. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"Black Friday","tags":" Anurag Kashyap Pavan Malhotra, Kay Kay Menon, Aditya Srivastava, Dibyendu Bhattacharya, Kishore Kadam, Gajraj Rao, Zakir Hussain, Imtiaz Ali, Pratima Kazmi, Raj Arjun This docudrama based on the same-titled book tracks the aftermath of a 1993 bombing in Bombay through the eyes of a journalist covering the story. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Bodyguard","tags":" Siddique Salman Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Raj Babbar, Asrani, Vidya Sinha, Hazel Keech, Chetan Hansraj, Salim Baig Irked by her bodyguard, an heiress invents a secret admirer to throw him off his duties, but the plan may backfire when she falls for him. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Break Ke Baad","tags":" Danish Aslam Imran Khan, Deepika Padukone, Shahana Goswami, Lillete Dubey, Sharmila Tagore, Navin Nischol, Parzan Dastur, Neelu Kohli, Ziyah Vastani, Yudhishtir Urs, Grady McGahan Childhood friends Abhay and Aaliya experience plenty of obstacles in their paths as they find their way in the world and back to each other. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Hawaizaada","tags":" Vibhu Virender Puri Ayushmann Khurrana, Mithun Chakraborty, Pallavi Sharda, Naman Jain, Jameel Khan In 1895 Mumbai, spirited Indian lad Shiv Talpade defies British rule and sparse funding \u2013 and physics \u2013 to build the world's first airplane. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"My Amnesia Girl","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina John Lloyd Cruz, Toni Gonzaga, Carlos Agassi, Ketchup Eusebio, Joross Gamboa, JM de Guzman, Beatriz Saw, Nico Antonio Years after leaving his bride-to-be at the altar, a man crosses paths with his ex and tries to make up for the past, only to find he's been forgotten. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Raman Raghav 2.0","tags":" Anurag Kashyap Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Vicky Kaushal, Sobhita Dhulipala, Mukesh Chhabra, Anuschka Sawhney, Vipin Sharma, Deepali Suryakant Badekar, Ashok Lokhande, Harssh Singh, Rajesh Jais, Hitesh Dave A corrupt cop and a serial killer obsessed with a psychopath from the '60s get caught up in a ruthless cat-and-mouse game in this Indian thriller. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Singham","tags":" Rohit Shetty Ajay Devgn, Kajal Aggarwal, Prakash Raj, Sonali Kulkarni, Sachin Khedekar, Sudhanshu Pandey, Anant Jog A police inspector kills himself after a powerful gangster frames him for corruption \u2013 but soon the thug faces the full force of cop Bajirao Singham. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"TE3N","tags":" Ribhu Dasgupta Amitabh Bachchan, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Vidya Balan, Mukesh Chhabra, Sabyasachi Chakraborty, Prakash Belawadi, Tota Roy Chowdhury, Padmavati Rao, Suneel Sinha Still desperate to find his granddaughter nearly a decade after her kidnapping, a devoted grandfather chases a dangerous new lead. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Princess Switch: Switched Again","tags":" Mike Rohl Vanessa Hudgens, Nick Sagar, Sam Palladio, Mia Lloyd, Lachlan Nieboer, Ricky Norwood, Florence Hall, Suanne Braun, Mark Fleischmann When Margaret's Christmas coronation complicates her love life, her double Stacy steps in to save the day. But will a third look-alike ruin their plan? family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Three Words to Forever","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina Sharon Cuneta, Richard Gomez, Kathryn Bernardo, Liza Lorena, Freddie Webb, Tommy Esguerra, Joross Gamboa, Tobie Dela Cruz As they near their 25th wedding anniversary, Rick and Cristy try to conceal their crumbling marriage while their family prepares for a big celebration. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Well Done Abba","tags":" Shyam Benegal Boman Irani, Minissha Lamba, Sammir Dattani, Ila Arun, Ravi Kishan, Sonali Kulkarni, Rajit Kapoor, Ravi Jhankal, Yashpal Sharma, Rajendra Gupta On leave in his drought-ridden village to find his daughter a husband, a father becomes mired in the bribery-laced bureaucracy of his local government. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Holiday Home Makeover with Mr. Christmas","tags":"  Benjamin Bradley Interior designer Benjamin \u201cMr. Christmas\u201d Bradley works with a trusty team of \"elves\u201d to help families transform their homes for the holidays. showshow"},{"title":"Ainu Mosir","tags":" Takeshi Fukunaga Kanto Shimokura, Debo Akibe, Emi Shimokura, Toko Miura, Lily Franky A sensitive Ainu teen searches for a spiritual connection with his recently deceased dad while navigating his indigenous identity in a changing world. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Kevin Hart: Zero F**ks Given","tags":" Leslie Small Kevin Hart Kevin Hart serves up laughs and brick oven pizza from the comfort of his home, and dishes on male group chats, sex after 40 and life with COVID-19. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Boss Baby: Back in Business","tags":"  JP Karliak, Pierce Gagnon, Kevin Michael Richardson, Alex Cazares, Flula Borg, Jake Green, Eric Bell Jr., David Lodge, Hope Levy, David Collins, Tony Hale, Nicole Sullivan The Boss Baby brings his big brother Tim to the office to teach him the art of business in this animated series sprung from the hit film. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"We Are the Champions","tags":"   Explore an array of unique competitions, from the quirky to the bizarre, and meet their passionate communities in this docuseries. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"Loving","tags":" Jeff Nichols Joel Edgerton, Ruth Negga, Marton Csokas, Nick Kroll, Michael Shannon, Terri Abney, Alano Miller, Jon Bass, Bill Camp, David Jensen A young couple's interracial marriage in 1958 sparks a case that leads to the Supreme Court. Based on the true story of Richard and Mildred Loving. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Whose Streets?","tags":" Sabaah Folayan, Damon Davis  Powered by activists and leaders, this documentary follows the rise of the Black Lives Matter movement following the 2014 killing of Michael Brown. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"A Very Country Christmas","tags":" Justin G. Dyck Bea Santos, Greyston Holt, Greg Vaughan, Deana Carter, Allison Hossack When an unfulfilled country music star hides out in his hometown, he meets a budding interior designer who finds her way into his heart. music,romancemusic,romance"},{"title":"America's Next Top Model","tags":"  Tyra Banks Supermodel Tyra Banks created and executive-produced this reality series that chronicles the transformation of young women into potential supermodels. showshow"},{"title":"Beyblade Burst Rise","tags":"  Erika Harlacher, Griffin Puatu, Kimlinh Tran, Taylor Henry, Janice Roman Roku, Brian Anderson After training with legendary Valt Aoi, Dante and his trusty Ace Dragon lead the next generation of Bladers to battle in Japan \u2014 Beyblade's birthplace. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2","tags":" Cody Cameron, Kris Pearn Bill Hader, Anna Faris, James Caan, Will Forte, Andy Samberg, Benjamin Bratt, Neil Patrick Harris, Terry Crews, Kristen Schaal Inventor Flint Lockwood battles mutant food beasts created by his notorious machine, including shrimpanzees, tacodiles and jellyfish sandwiches. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Hometown Holiday","tags":" Justin G. Dyck Sarah Troyer, Bradley Hamilton, Kevin McGarry, Samantha Gracie An ambitious entertainment lawyer tries to sign a singing sensation in his sister's small town, but a local soon captures his attention \u2014 and heart. romanceromance"},{"title":"Polly Pocket","tags":"  Emily Tennant, Shannon Chan-Kent, Kazumi Evans, Patricia Drake, Rhona Rees, Ian Hanlin, Maryke Hendrikse, Vincent Tong, David Kaye, Ellen Kennedy After uncovering a magical locket that allows her to shrink in size, Polly and her friends set out on big adventures with petite power. familyfamily"},{"title":"Survivor","tags":"  Jeff Probst, Jerri Manthey, Colby Donaldson, Rupert Boneham, Parvati Shallow, Rob Mariano, Amanda Kimmel, James Clement, Amber Brkich, Alicia Calaway, Ethan Zohn, Tina Wesson In this long-running reality competition series, players battle the elements and each other as they vie for $1 million and the title of Sole Survivor. showshow"},{"title":"The Crown","tags":"  Claire Foy, John Lithgow, Matt Smith, Vanessa Kirby, Jared Harris, Victoria Hamilton, Eileen Atkins, Jeremy Northam, Alex Jennings, Ben Miles, Pip Torrens, Will Keen, Harry Hadden-Paton, Daniel Ings, Greg Wise, Harriet Walter, Lia Williams, Matthew Goode, Anton Lesser This drama follows the political rivalries and romance of Queen Elizabeth II's reign and the events that shaped the second half of the 20th century. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"White Christmas","tags":" Michael Curtiz Bing Crosby, Danny Kaye, Rosemary Clooney, Vera-Ellen, Dean Jagger, Mary Wickes, John Brascia, Anne Whitfield, George Chakiris Two war buddies fall for two sisters and follow the girls to a resort owned by their former commanding officer, who is in danger of losing the place. family,classic,comedyfamily,classic,comedy"},{"title":"Killer Cove","tags":" Dami\u00e1n Romay Haley Webb, Donny Boaz, Cathy Baron, Jason Alan Smith, Dennis Staroselsky, Owen Miller, Shawn Fitzgibbon An unlucky woman finds a solution for her hateful ex, a trying job hunt and a stalker through a charming P.I. \u2013 only to endure a new set of problems. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"American Horror Story","tags":"  Evan Peters, Sarah Paulson, Jessica Lange, Denis O'Hare, Kathy Bates, Angela Bassett, Lily Rabe, Frances Conroy, Cheyenne Jackson, Emma Roberts, Taissa Farmiga, Wes Bentley, Finn Wittrock, Chlo\u00eb Sevigny, Zachary Quinto, Jamie Brewer, Naomi Grossman, Dylan McDermott, Gabourey Sidibe, Lady Gaga, Mare Winningham, Joseph Fiennes, Michael Chiklis, Matt Bomer, Lizzie Brocher\u00e9, Erika Ervin, Mat Fraser, Rose Siggins, Connie Britton, James Cromwell, Adina Porter, Jyoti Amge, Billie Lourde, Alison Pill, Billy Eichner, Leslie Grossman, Colton Haynes, Cuba Gooding Jr., Andr\u00e9 Holland, Danny Huston This twisted Emmy-winning drama plays upon the power of supernatural fears and everyday horrors, exploring humankind's unsettling capacity for evil. suspense,suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Fukrey Boyzzz: Space Mein Fukrapanti","tags":" Avinash Walzade Viraaj Modgill, Jasleen Singh, Pooja Punjabi, Amit Deondi, Ketan Kava, Zeel Thakkar, Manish Bhavan, Viswanathan Sridhar After a foreboding dream about aliens comes true, a fun-loving trio must prevent human intelligence from being stolen from planet Earth. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Jingle Jangle: A Christmas Journey","tags":" David E. Talbert Forest Whitaker, Keegan-Michael Key, Hugh Bonneville, Anika Noni Rose, Madalen Mills, Phylicia Rashad, Ricky Martin, Justin Cornwell, Sharon Rose, Lisa Davina Phillip, Kieron Dyer Decades after his trusted apprentice betrayed him, a once-joyful toymaker finds new hope when his kind and curious granddaughter comes into his life. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"The Beginning of Life 2: Outside","tags":" Renata Terra  As urbanization expands throughout society, this documentary discusses the value of finding ways for children to forge real connections with nature. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Life Ahead","tags":" Edoardo Ponti Sophia Loren, Ibrahima Gueye, Renato Carpentieri, Diego Iosif Pirvu, Massimiliano Rossi, Abril Zamora, Babak Karimi A Holocaust survivor running a daycare business forms an unlikely friendship with a bitter street kid when she takes him in after he robs her. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Minions of Midas","tags":" Mateo Gil Luis Tosar, Marta Belmonte, Guillermo Toledo, Carlos Blanco, Marta Milans, Goize Blanco, Elena Irureta, Bea Segura, Jorge Andreu, Daniel Holgu\u00edn, Adolfo Fern\u00e1ndez, Fernando Barona, Juan Blanco, Ahmed Boulane, Pepe Ocio, Vito Sanz, Adelfa Calvo, Joaqu\u00edn Climent, Carmelo G\u00f3mez, Miguel \u00c1ngel Sol\u00e1 A millionaire publisher gets a blackmail note \u2014 his decision can mean life or death. Inspired by a Jack London story but set in contemporary Madrid. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"A Very Special Love","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina John Lloyd Cruz, Sarah Geronimo, Dante Rivero, Rowell Santiago, Johnny Revilla, Bing Pimental, Daphne Ose\u00f1a-Paez, Al Tantay, Irma Adlawan, Arno Morales, Miles Ocampo After landing a job working for her longtime crush, an optimistic woman realizes that the man of her dreams isn't exactly who she envisioned. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Ethos","tags":"  \u00d6yk\u00fc Karayel, Fatih Artman, Funda Eryi\u011fit, Defne Kayalar, Settar Tanr\u0131\u00f6\u011fen, T\u00fclin \u00d6zen, Alican Y\u00fccesoy, Bige \u00d6nal A group of individuals in Istanbul transcend sociocultural boundaries and find connection as their fears and wishes intertwine. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"First Love","tags":" Paul Soriano Aga Muhlach, Bea Alonzo, Sandy Andolong, Albie Casi\u00f1o, Edward Barber, Maureen Mann, Tim Donadt, Giselle Toengi, Raymond Lauchengco, Beverly Salviejo A chance encounter soon intertwines the lives of a reserved businessman and a vibrant photographer who is living with a grave heart condition. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Fruitvale Station","tags":" Ryan Coogler Michael B. Jordan, Melonie Diaz, Octavia Spencer, Kevin Durand, Chad Michael Murray, Ahna O'Reilly, Ariana Neal, Keenan Coogler, Trestin George, Joey Oglesby This dramatic rendering of a real-life tragedy recounts the final hours of Oscar Grant, shot by San Francisco transit police on New Year's Day, 2009. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Graceful Friends","tags":"  Yu Jun-sang, Song Yoon-a, Bae Soo-bin, Kim Sung-oh, Jung Seok-yong, Kim Won-hae When a sudden death brings everyone\u2019s dirty secrets to the surface, the lives and marriages of a group of close-knit friends unravel out of control. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Ludo","tags":" Anurag Basu Abhishek Bachchan, Aditya Roy Kapur, Rajkummar Rao, Sanya Malhotra, Fatima Sana Shaikh, Pankaj Tripathi, Rohit Saraf, Shalini Vatsa, Pearle Maaney From a resurfaced sex tape to a rogue suitcase of money, four wildly different stories overlap at the whims of fate, chance and one eccentric criminal. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Memories of a Teenager","tags":" Lucas Santa Ana Renato Quattordio, Malena Narvay, Thom\u00e1s Lepera, Jer\u00f3nimo Giocondo Bosia, Tom\u00e1s Wicz, Tom\u00e1s Raimondi, Majo Chicar, Agustina Cabo To cope with a friend's death, a teen blogs about his daily life but falls further into an existential crisis while experiencing a sexual awakening. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Prom Night","tags":" Nelson McCormick Brittany Snow, Scott Porter, Jessica Stroup, Dana Davis, Collins Pennie, Kelly Blatz, James Ransone, Brianne Davis, Kellan Lutz, Mary Mara, Ming-Na Wen, Johnathon Schaech, Idris Elba On prom night, a high school senior still struggling with her nightmare past tries to evade a killer bent on ending the party for her and her friends. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"A Queen Is Born","tags":" Carla Barros Gloria Groove, Alexia Twister Gloria Groove and Alexia Twister make drag dreams come true as they help six artists find the confidence to own the stage in this makeover show. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Aunty Donna's Big Ol' House of Fun","tags":"  Mark Samual Bonanno, Broden Kelly, Zachary Ruane, Ed Helms, Kristen Schaal, Weird Al Yankovic, Kia Stevens, Paul F. Tompkins, Tawny Newsome Comedy trio Aunty Donna showcase their uniquely absurd and offbeat style through an array of sketches, songs and eclectic characters. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Liberator","tags":"  Bradley James, Martin Sensmeier, Jose Miguel Vasquez, Forrest Goodluck, Bryan Hibbard, Matt Mercurio, Harrison Stone, Billy Breed, Tatanka Means, Kiowa Gordon A diverse, deeply brave crew of ragtag soldiers become some of the most heroic fighters of the European invasion in World War II. Based on true events. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Trial 4","tags":"   Charged as a teen in the 1993 killing of a Boston cop, Sean K. Ellis fights to prove his innocence while exposing police corruption and systemic racism. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"We Are All For The Fatherland","tags":"   After the 1978 Israeli invasion of Lebanon, children try to sing the national anthem as citizens search for hope in the war-torn South. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"What We Wanted","tags":" Ulrike Kofler Lavinia Wilson, Elyas M'Barek, Anna Unterberger, Lukas Spisser, Iva H\u00f6pperger, Fedor Teyml, Marta Manduca, Maria Hofst\u00e4tter, Tina Haller A couple facing fertility issues finds their marriage tested on a vacation to a Sardinian resort \u2014 and the family next door only adds to the tension. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"A Lion in the House","tags":" Steven Bognar, Julia Reichert  Five kids and their resilient families navigate the treatments and traumas of pediatric cancer in this documentary filmed over the course of six years. showshow"},{"title":"DASH & LILY","tags":"  Midori Francis, Austin Abrams, Dante Brown, Troy Iwata Opposites attract at Christmas as cynical Dash and sunny Lily trade messages and dares in a red notebook they pass back and forth around New York City. romance,comedy,dramaromance,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Bakugan: Battle Planet","tags":"  Jonah Wineberg, Deven Christian Mack, Margarita Valderrama, Ticoon Kim, Jason Deline, Will Bowes Dan Kouzo and his pals bond with mysterious creatures known as Bakugan while fighting sinister forces out to control the world. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Citation","tags":" Kunle Afolayan Temi Otedola, Jimmy Jean-Louis, Joke Silva, Gabriel Afolayan, Adjetey Anang, Ini Edo, Sadiq Daba, Wole Olowomojuore, Yomi Fash-Lanso, Bukunmi Oluwashina, Bienvenu Neba, Ray Reboul, Ibukun Awosika, Seun Kuti A bright student in Nigeria takes on the academic establishment when she reports a popular professor who tried to rape her. Based on real events. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Country Ever After","tags":"   Country artist Coffey Anderson and his wife, hip-hop dancer Criscilla, juggle family life, career goals and tests of faith in this reality series. showshow"},{"title":"Girl's Revenge","tags":" Weica Wang Wang Yu-ping, Yuri Chen, Shiny Yao, Pii Liu, Mike Lin, Edison Song, Xia Teng-hong, Moon Lee After a sex video subjects her friend to mockery and bullying, a transfer student sets out to reveal the truth as campus secrets come to light. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Endless Trench","tags":" Aitor Arregi, Jon Gara\u00f1o, Jose Mari Goenaga Antonio de la Torre, Bel\u00e9n Cuesta, Vicente Vergara, Jos\u00e9 Manuel Poga, Emilio Palacios Fearing retribution, a Republican from the Spanish Civil War hides in his home for more than 30 years with the help of his wife. Based on true events. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Late Bloomer","tags":" Kevin Pollak Johnny Simmons, Maria Bello, Brittany Snow, Kumail Nanjiani, Beck Bennett, Paul Wesley, Jane Lynch, J.K. Simmons, Lenora Crichlow A sex therapist with pituitary issues finally gets to experience puberty in all its glory at age 30, when an operation unleashes his raging hormones. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Wrong Kind of Black","tags":"  Clarence Ryan, Aaron L. McGrath, Lisa Flanagan, Tommy Lewis, Nilbi Yasserie, Christopher Ketchup, Boori Monty Pryor, Jacek Koman, Colin Lane, Arthur Angel, Toby Truslove In 1970s Melbourne, a DJ named Boori Monty Pryor and his brother Paul navigate racial tensions and police encounters amid disco and discrimination. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"A New York Christmas Wedding","tags":" Otoja Abit Nia Fairweather, Chris Noth, Cooper Koch, Tyra Ferrell, Denny Dillon, Adriana DeMeo, Otoja Abit, David Anzuelo, Camilla Harden, Natasha Goodman, Avery Whitted, Tony D. Head, Joe Perrino As her wedding nears, a bride-to-be is visited by an angel who reveals what could have been if she'd followed feelings for her childhood best friend. drama,lgbt,romancedrama,lgbt,romance"},{"title":"Alone\/Together","tags":" Antoinette Jadaone Liza Soberano, Enrique Gil, Adrian Alandy, Jasmine Curtis-Smith, Sylvia Sanchez, Nonie Buencamino, Xia Vigor, Richard Manabat Eight years after their breakup, college sweethearts Christine and Raf reconnect at different points in their lives as feelings from the past resurface. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Carmel: Who Killed Maria Marta?","tags":" Alejandro Hartmann  A woman is found dead in her bathtub, with a puddle of blood nearby. Her husband theorizes she had an accident. But an autopsy tells a different story. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Midnight at the Magnolia","tags":" Maxwell McGuire Natalie Hall, Evan Williams, Michael Gordon Shore, Steve Cumyn, Albert Brooks Longtime friends and local radio hosts Maggie and Jack fake it as a couple for their families and listeners in hopes of getting their show syndicated. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"One More Try","tags":" Ruel S. Bayani Angel Locsin, Angelica Panganiban, Dingdong Dantes, Zanjoe Marudo, Miguel Vergara, Gina Pare\u00f1o, Carmina Villarroel, Agot Isidro When her son's condition becomes severe, a woman reconnects with the biological father. But the reunion puts a strain on their respective relationships. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Operation Christmas Drop","tags":" Martin Wood Kat Graham, Alexander Ludwig, Virginia Madsen, Janet Kidder, Jeff Joseph, Bethany Brown, Trezzo Mahoro, Rohan Campbell, Aliza Vellani, Aaron Douglas, Xavier de Guzman, Bruce Best A by-the-book political aide falls for a big-hearted Air Force pilot while looking to shut down his tropical base and its airborne Christmas tradition. family,comedy,romancefamily,comedy,romance"},{"title":"Paranormal","tags":"  Ahmed Amin, Razane Jammal, Ayah Samaha, Samaa Ibrahem, Roshdy El Shamy, Reem Abd El Kader After a skeptical hematologist is plunged into a series of inexplicable events, he unwillingly becomes the go-to-guy for paranormal investigations. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"A Christmas Catch","tags":"  Emily Alatalo, Lauren Holly, Yanic Truesdale, Franco Lo Presti, Andrew Bushell, Genelle Williams, Kyana Teresa, Eric Hicks A cop working undercover to trail a possible diamond thief gets caught in a tricky spot when she finds new clues \u2014 and new feelings \u2014 for the suspect. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Christmas with a Prince","tags":" Justin G. Dyck Kaitlyn Leeb, Nick Hounslow, Josh Dean, Melinda Shankar, Liam MacDonald, Ilamaria Ebrahim, Charles Shaughnessy, Julia Baldwin A dedicated pediatrician reconsiders her feelings for a carefree prince as he secretly recovers from a ski accident alongside her young patients. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Love & Anarchy","tags":"  Ida Engvoll, Bj\u00f6rn Mosten, Carla Sehn, Reine Brynolfsson, Gizem Erdogan, Bj\u00f6rn Kjellman, Ruben Lopez, Johannes Kuhnke, Elsa Agemalm Reiland, Benjamin Shaps, Disa \u00d6strand, Ejke Blomberg, Lars V\u00e4ringer A married consultant and a young IT tech kick off a flirty game that challenges societal norms \u2014 and leads them to re-evaluate their entire lives. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Miss India","tags":" Narendra Nath Keerthy Suresh, Dr. Rajendra Prasad, Jagapathi Babu, V. K. Naresh, Nadhiya, Naveen Chandra, Sumanth Shailendra, Kamal Kamaraju, Praveen, Pujitha Ponnada, Divya Sripada Uprooted to America, an aspiring Indian entrepreneur confronts disapproval, sexism and rivalry as she draws from her culture to start a tea business. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Felix Lobrecht: Hype","tags":" Jan-Peter Horns Felix Lobrecht Felix Lobrecht aims his dark humor at overly polite culture, weird laughter, the sheer awkwardness of a walking baby and more in this stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"MOTHER","tags":" Tatsushi Omori Masami Nagasawa, Sadao Abe, Daiken Okudaira Shuhei\u2019s erratic mother feels threatened when he starts to awaken to a world beyond her distorted control, sending the family hurtling towards tragedy. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Can You Hear Me?","tags":"  M\u00e9lissa B\u00e9dard, \u00c8ve Landry, Florence Longpr\u00e9 Three friends in a low-income neighborhood find humor and hope in their lives as they grapple with bad boyfriends and their dysfunctional families. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Prospect","tags":" Zeek Earl, Christopher Caldwell Sophie Thatcher, Pedro Pascal, Jay Duplass, Andre Royo, Sheila Vand, Anwan Glover A father and daughter travel to an alien moon in search of a valuable gem but are forced to alter their plans when a nefarious outlaw gets involved. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"60 Days In","tags":"   Recruited by a sheriff, volunteers infiltrate county prisons to expose corruption and crime from within the system in this docuseries. showshow"},{"title":"Christmas Break-In","tags":" Michael Kampa Danny Glover, Denise Richards, Cameron Seely, Sean O'Bryan, Katrina Begin, Jake Van Wagoner, Douglas Spain, Dawson Ehlke Stranded at school before holiday break, a precocious girl gets into the spirit of saving when a trio of robbers trespass and hold the janitor hostage. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Dawson's Creek","tags":"  James Van Der Beek, Katie Holmes, Michelle Williams, Joshua Jackson, Kerr Smith, Meredith Monroe, Busy Philipps, Mary Beth Peil This nighttime soap about a group of close-knit teens frankly depicts the issues of adolescence that obsess young adults, including sex, sex and sex. romance,drama,showromance,drama,show"},{"title":"Elf Pets: A Fox Cub\u2019s Christmas Tale","tags":" Chanda Bell Leslie Bellair, Brad Hyland, Brody Rose, Carol Aebersold An elite team of elves \u2013 and their furry fox cub friends \u2013 help bring the Christmas spirit to a boy whose mom may not make it home for the holidays. familyfamily"},{"title":"Elf Pets: Santa\u2019s Reindeer Rescue","tags":" Chanda Bell Brad Hyland, Drew Barber, Ashley Roberts, Lowrey Brown, Kristyl Tift, Manny Mahen, Olivia Berkeley, Eleanor Rocha Determined to help Santa get ready for his merry rounds of gift-giving, a team of special elves wrangles in more reindeer and much-needed holiday magic. familyfamily"},{"title":"Elliot the Littlest Reindeer","tags":" Jennifer Westcott Josh Hutcherson, Samantha Bee, Martin Short, Morena Baccarin, Jeff Dunham, John Cleese When Blitzen suddenly retires, a miniature horse determined to join Santa's reindeer team faces fierce competition in the North Pole tryouts. familyfamily"},{"title":"Forged in Fire","tags":"  Wil Willis Bladesmiths vie for a cash prize by forging the best metal weapons from the pages of history in this competition series featuring expert judges. showshow"},{"title":"Leah Remini: Scientology and the Aftermath","tags":"  Leah Remini, Mike Rinder Former Scientology members share detailed accounts of alleged abuse and harassment by the Church in this docuseries from actress Leah Remini. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"LEGO Jurassic World: Legend of Isla Nublar","tags":"   At Jurassic Park, a velociraptor handler and an operations manager tackle crises of epic proportions as they try to prevent dinosaur-sized disasters. familyfamily"},{"title":"LEGO Jurassic World: Secret Exhibit","tags":"  Britt McKillip, Ian Hanlin, Dhirendra, Alex Zahara, Vincent Tong, Bethany Brown, Adrian Petriw, Sabrina Pitre A can-do problem solver teams up with a rugged animal behaviorist to transport a trio of dinosaurs across the park to a super-secret exhibit. familyfamily"},{"title":"LEGO Ninjago","tags":"  Michael Adamthwaite, Paul Dobson, Kelly Metzger, Brent Miller, Kirby Morrow, Pauline Newstone, Vincent Tong, Sam Vincent While fighting foes across Ninjago City and beyond, the ninjas embark on new quests and gain newfound allies as the power of their friendship is tested. familyfamily"},{"title":"LEGO Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu","tags":"  Vincent Tong, Jillian Michaels, Ian James Corlett, John Novak, Paul Dobson, Michael Adamthwaite, Kelly Metzger, Brent Miller, Kirby Morrow, Brian Drummond, Mark Oliver, Michael Kopsa Kai, Jay, Cole and Zane must master their elemental powers and Spinjitzu weapons to protect the land of Ninjago, which also has an underworld. familyfamily"},{"title":"LEGO: CITY Adventures","tags":"  Joe Zieja, Misty Lee, Alex Cazares, Daniel MK Cohen, James Arnold Taylor, Roger Craig Smith, Mick Lauer In a boomtown built on fun, friendship and wacky mischief, a quirky crew of cops and firefighters work hard to preserve the peace and awesomeness. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Little Monsters","tags":" Richard Greenberg Fred Savage, Howie Mandel, Daniel Stern, Margaret Whitton, Rick Ducommun, Frank Whaley, Ben Savage, William Murray Weiss, Devin Ratray, Amber Barretto Brian knows there are creatures under his bed. When he faces his fears and confronts them, however, he makes some hilariously weird new friends. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Mile 22","tags":" Peter Berg Mark Wahlberg, Lauren Cohan, Iko Uwais, John Malkovich, Ronda Rousey, Carlo Alban, Sam Medina, Terry Kinney, Nikolai Nikolaeff, Natasha Goubskaya An officer in a top-secret CIA unit leads his team in escorting a prized intelligence asset to safety, with enemy forces hot on their trail. actionaction"},{"title":"Piercing","tags":" Nicolas Pesce Christopher Abbott, Mia Wasikowska, Laia Costa, Marin Ireland, Maria Dizzia, Wendell Pierce, Olivia Bond, Dakota Lustick A family man plots to kill a spellbinding sex worker but ends up in a psychosexual exercise to outwit his twisted target. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Snowden","tags":" Oliver Stone Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Shailene Woodley, Zachary Quinto, Melissa Leo, Tom Wilkinson, Timothy Olyphant, Nicolas Cage, Rhys Ifans, Joely Richardson, Scott Eastwood, Ben Schnetzer, Logan Marshall-Green This thriller traces Edward Snowden's journey from Army recruit to disillusioned government analyst bent on exposing vast U.S. surveillance programs. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Garfield Show","tags":"  Frank Welker, Wally Wingert, Gregg Berger Lazy, lasagna-loving fat cat Garfield lives life on his own terms, which includes teasing his geeky owner, Jon, and tormenting dimwitted dog Odie. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Good Detective","tags":"  Son Hyun-joo, Jang Seung-jo, Lee Elijah, Oh Jung-se When doubts rise about a five-year-old murder conviction, a veteran detective partners with a young hotshot to hunt down the case's hidden truths. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Impossible","tags":" J.A. Bayona Naomi Watts, Ewan McGregor, Tom Holland, Samuel Joslin, Oaklee Pendergast, Marta Etura, S\u00f6nke M\u00f6hring, Geraldine Chaplin, Ploy Jindachote, Jomjaoi Sae-Limh Tracking one family's harrowing experiences, this gripping drama depicts the chaos generated by the massive 2004 tsunami in Southeast Asia. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Next Karate Kid","tags":" Christopher Cain Pat Morita, Hilary Swank, Michael Ironside, Constance Towers, Chris Conrad, Arsenio \"Sonny\" Trinidad, Michael Cavalieri, Walton Goggins In Boston, karate master Mr. Miyagi finds a new pupil in troubled teen Julie Pierce when she gets bullied by a group of relentless classmates. action,drama,sportsaction,drama,sports"},{"title":"Voice","tags":"  Jang Hyuk, Lee Ha-na, Baek Sung-hyun, Ye-sung, Son Eun-seo, Kwon Jae-hwan, Lee Ju-seung, Kim Jae-wook A deft detective whose wife is killed by a serial murderer teams up with a rookie cop, a gifted voice profiler dealing with her own father\u2019s murder. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Wheels of Fortune","tags":" Shaun Paul Piccinino Matt Jones, Noureen DeWulf, John Ducey, Matty Cardarople, Jeff Fahey, Christina Moore, Gabriel Tigerman, Ali Afshar, Tyler Jacob Moore, Jessica Serfaty To claim a big inheritance, a down-on-his-luck mechanic must win a series of competitions as outlined in his birth father's will. comedy,sportscomedy,sports"},{"title":"Afronta! Facing It!","tags":" Juliana Vicente Loo Nascimento, Ingrid Silva, Rincon Sapi\u00eancia, Batekoo, Gabriel Martins, Benjamin Abras, Daniele DaMata, Tasha & Tracie Okereke, Mariana de Matos, Andr\u00e9 Novais, Mahal Pita, Grace Pass\u00f4, Thamyra Th\u00e2mara, Xenia Fran\u00e7a, Criola, Dani Ornellas, Anelis Assump\u00e7\u00e3o, Mag\u00e1 Moura, T\u00e1ssia Reis, Liniker, Yasmin Thayn\u00e1, Raquel Virg\u00ednia, Juliana Luna, Erica Malunguinho, Diane Lima, Karol Conk\u00e1 This docuseries spotlights Afro-Brazilian thinkers sharing their individual journeys and discussing representation, entrepreneurship and community. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The 12th Man","tags":" Harald Zwart Thomas Gullestad, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Marie Blokhus, Mads Sj\u00f8g\u00e5rd Pettersen, Vegar Hoel, H\u00e5kon T. Nielsen, Eirik Risholm Velle, Daniel Frikstad, Eric Dirnes, Alexander Zwart Based on true events, this story follows a Norwegian saboteur\u2019s harrowing struggle to reach safety after escaping a Nazi attack during World War II. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Zumbo's Just Desserts","tags":"  Adriano Zumbo, Rachel Khoo Dessert wizard Adriano Zumbo looks for the next \u201cWilly Wonka\u201d in this tense competition that finds skilled amateurs competing for a $100,000 prize. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Hidden in Plain Sight","tags":" Stacia Crawford Victoria Barabas, Gino Anthony Pesi, Jake Allyn, Deborah Van Valkenburgh, Jessica Meraz, Jack Fisher, Eve Sigall, Jerod Meagher A woman stages her own suicide but still lives in fear of her abusive ex-boyfriend tracking her down and stealing the son he never knew he had. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"His House","tags":" Remi Weekes \u1e62\u1ecdp\u1eb9\u0301 D\u00ecr\u00eds\u00f9, Wunmi Mosaku, Matt Smith, Malaika Wakoli-Abigaba As a young couple from war-torn South Sudan seeks asylum and a fresh start in England, they\u2019re tormented by a sinister force living in their new home. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"In Line","tags":" Tope Oshin Chris Attoh, Adesua Etomi, Uzor Arukwe, Sika Osei, Leonora Okien, Shawn Faqua, Tina Mba A convicted murderer gets out of prison and reunites with his wife, who is plotting revenge against him after years of physical and emotional abuse. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Kaali Khuhi","tags":" Terrie Samundra Shabana Azmi, Leela Samson, Sanjeeda Sheikh, Satyadeep Misra, Riva Arora, Hetvi Bhanushali, Rose Rathod When a restless spirit curses a village that has a history of female infanticide, the town's fate lies in the hands of a 10-year-old girl. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.","tags":"  Clark Gregg, Ming-Na Wen, Brett Dalton, Chloe Bennet, Iain De Caestecker, Elizabeth Henstridge, Adrianne Palicki, Luke Mitchell, Henry Simmons Agent Phil Coulson, seen in action in Marvel's The Avengers, assembles a team of top S.H.I.E.L.D. agents to investigate bizarre threats. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Rogue City","tags":" Olivier Marchal Lannick Gautry, Stanislas Merhar, Kaaris, David Belle, Jean Reno, Claudia Cardinale, G\u00e9rard Lanvin, Patrick Catalifo, Moussa Maaskri, Catherine Marchal Caught in the crosshairs of police corruption and Marseille\u2019s warring gangs, a loyal cop must protect his squad by taking matters into his own hands. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Somebody Feed Phil","tags":"  Philip Rosenthal \"Everybody Loves Raymond\" creator Phil Rosenthal travels the globe to take in the local cuisine and culture of Bangkok, Lisbon, Mexico City and more. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"Suburra: Blood on Rome","tags":"  Alessandro Borghi, Giacomo Ferrara, Eduardo Valdarnini, Francesco Acquaroli, Filippo Nigro, Claudia Gerini, Adamo Dionisi, Barbara Chichiarelli, Federico Tocci, Gerasimos Skiadaresis, Elisabetta De Palo, Carlotta Antonelli, Renato Marchetti, Paola Sotgiu In 2008, a fight over land in a seaside town near Rome spirals into a deadly battle between organized crime, corrupt politicians and the Vatican. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Day of the Lord","tags":" Santiago Alvarado Ilarri Juli F\u00e0bregas, Ximena Romo, H\u00e9ctor Illanes, Dolores Heredia In this horror movie, a retired priest haunted by his sins is pulled back into the darkness when a friend begs him to help his possessed daughter. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Pagpag: Nine Lives","tags":" Frasco Mortiz Daniel Padilla, Kathryn Bernardo, Shaina Magdayao, Paulo Avelino, Matet De Leon, Janus del Prado, Miles Ocampo, Clarence Delgado, CJ Navato, Michelle Vito After ignoring superstitions, a group of teenagers find themselves in a fight for their lives when they are haunted \u2014 and hunted \u2014 by an evil spirit. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Holidate","tags":" John Whitesell Emma Roberts, Luke Bracey, Kristin Chenoweth, Frances Fisher, Jessica Capshaw, Andrew Bachelor, Cynthy Wu, Alex Moffat, Manish Dayal Fed up with being single on holidays, two strangers agree to be each other's platonic plus-ones all year long, only to catch real feelings along the way. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Metallica Through The Never","tags":" Nimr\u00f3d Antal Dane DeHaan, James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, Kirk Hammett, Robert Trujillo As heavy metal band Metallica tears up the stage, a young roadie is sent on an urgent errand. But his mission soon takes a surreal turn. musicmusic"},{"title":"Nobody Sleeps in the Woods Tonight","tags":" Bartosz M. Kowalski Julia Wieniawa-Narkiewicz, Micha\u0142 Lupa, Wiktoria G\u0105siewska, Stanis\u0142aw Cywka, Sebastian Dela, Gabriela Muska\u0142a, Micha\u0142 Zbroja, Miros\u0142aw Zbrojewicz, Piotr Cyrwus, Olaf Lubaszenko, Wojciech Mecwaldowski Addicted to technology, a group of teens attends a rehabilitation camp in the forest, but a sinister force there intends to take them offline forever. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Secrets of the Saqqara Tomb","tags":" James Tovell  After unearthing a tomb that had been untouched for 4,400 years, Egyptian archaeologists attempt to decipher the history of the extraordinary find. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Blood of Zeus","tags":"  Derek Phillips, Jason O'Mara, Claudia Christian, Mamie Gummer, Jessica Henwick, Elias Toufexis, Chris Diamantopoulos, Adetokumboh M'Cormack, Matthew Mercer, Melina Kanakaredes, Danny Jacobs, Matt Lowe, Adam Croasdell, Jennifer Hale, David Shaughnessy, Fred Tatasciore, Vanessa Marshall A commoner living in ancient Greece, Heron discovers his true heritage as a son of Zeus, and his purpose: to save the world from a demonic army. animeanime"},{"title":"Chico Bon Bon: Monkey with a Tool Belt","tags":"  Robbie Daymond, Dayci Brookshire, Anthony Tedesco, Andy Abbott, Roberta Lemons, Cole Seaver Armed with tools and engineering smarts, monkey mechanic Chico Bon Bon and his Fix-It Force help the people of Blunderburg solve all of their problems. familyfamily"},{"title":"Guillermo Vilas: Settling the Score","tags":" Mat\u00edas Gueilburt  An Argentine journalist strives to prove that his countryman, tennis star Guillermo Vilas, was wrongly denied the No. 1 world ranking in the 1970s. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Sarah Cooper: Everything's Fine","tags":" Natasha Lyonne Sarah Cooper, Fred Armisen, Maya Rudolph, Ben Stiller, Megan Thee Stallion, Jane Lynch, Jon Hamm, Aubrey Plaza, Connie Chung, Jordan Black, Tommy Davidson, Helen Mirren, Jonathan Van Ness, Danielle Brooks, Winona Ryder, Marcella Arguello, Eddie Pepitone, Marisa Tomei, Whoopi Goldberg, Tom Kane Comedian and Trump lip-synching sensation Sarah Cooper tackles politics, race and other light topics in a sketch special packed with celebrity guests. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Devil Punisher","tags":" Chang Chin-jung, Chen Rong-hui Mike He, Ivy Shao, Anson Chen, Jane Chang, Roy Chang, Amanda Chou, Johnny Yang, Yin Chao-te, Tan Ai-Chen, Chen Bor-jeng, Dewi Chien A baker by day and demon fighter by night, a reincarnated deity must jog his amnesiac lover's memory of their millennium-long romance. foregin,romance,suspenseforegin,romance,suspense"},{"title":"Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani","tags":" Rajkumar Santoshi Ranbir Kapoor, Katrina Kaif, Govind Namdeo, Darshan Jariwala, Zakir Hussain, Smita Jaykar, Navneet Nishan, Dolly Bindra, Upen Patel A young man's obsession with making others happy drives him to help the girl he loves marry someone else, then try to win her heart. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Black '47","tags":" Lance Daly Hugo Weaving, James Frecheville, Stephen Rea, Freddie Fox, Barry Keoghan, Moe Dunford, Sarah Greene, Jim Broadbent When the Great Famine ravages his beloved country, a battle-hardened Irishman deserts the British Empire and exacts revenge on the tyrants responsible. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"I Am Woman","tags":" Unjoo Moon Tilda Cobham-Hervey, Danielle Macdonald, Evan Peters, Chris Parnell, David Lyons, Matty Cardarople, Dusty Sorg In the 1960s, Australian singer Helen Reddy struggles with misogyny in the music business \u2014 until she records an anthem for the women's movement. drama,musicdrama,music"},{"title":"Alice Junior","tags":" Gil Baroni Anne Celestino Mota, Emmanuel Rosset, Matheus Moura, Surya Amitrano, Tha\u00eds Schier, Cida Rolim, Katia Horn, Igor Augustho, Marcel Szymanski In a small town, a trans teen with a vibrant personality shakes up her high school's conservative ways while trying to secure her first kiss. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Barbarians","tags":"  Laurence Rupp, Jeanne Goursaud, David Sch\u00fctter, Ronald Zehrfeld, Nicki von Tempelhoff, Bernhard Sch\u00fctz, Eva Verena M\u00fcller, Sophie Rois, Gaetano Aronica, Nikolai Kinski, Jeremy Miliker Torn between the mighty empire that raised him and his own tribal people, a Roman officer's conflicted allegiances lead to an epic historical clash. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Move","tags":" Thierry Demaizi\u00e8re, Alban Teurlai  Discover the brilliant dancers and choreographers who are shaping the art of movement around the world in this documentary series. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Over the Moon","tags":" Glen Keane Cathy Ang, Phillipa Soo, Ken Jeong, Robert G. Chiu, John Cho, Sandra Oh, Ruthie Ann Miles, Margaret Cho, Kimiko Glenn, Artt Butler, Irene Tsu, Clem Cheung, Conrad Ricamora Fueled by memories of her mother, resourceful Fei Fei builds a rocket to the moon on a mission to prove the existence of a legendary moon goddess. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Shattered Memories","tags":" Chris Sivertson Elizabeth Bogush, Brad Schmidt, Sarah Lind, Eddie Kaye Thomas, Phillip Boyd, Victoria Barabas, Mark Famiglietti, Walker Borba, Meg DeLacy When her former lover's mysteriously murdered, a woman must clear her name \u2013 and avoid the killer. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Stolen Away","tags":"  Daniel Grao, Carolina Lapausa, Melani Olivares, Adriana Paz, Fernando Sol\u00f3rzano, Juan Carlos Messier, Jon Arias, Ver\u00f3nica Vel\u00e1squez, David Trejos, Ana Maria Orozco Searching for his kidnapped daughter, Antonio sets off a series of events affecting scores of people when he maneuvers to be sent to prison in Colombia. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Queen's Gambit","tags":"  Anya Taylor-Joy, Bill Camp, Marielle Heller, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Moses Ingram, Harry Melling, Isla Johnston, Christiane Seidel, Rebecca Root, Chloe Pirrie, Jacob Fortune-Lloyd In a 1950s orphanage, a young girl reveals an astonishing talent for chess and begins an unlikely journey to stardom while grappling with addiction. dramadrama"},{"title":"Bending the Arc","tags":" Kief Davidson, Pedro Kos  This documentary follows a group of ambitious advocates whose mission to save lives in Haiti turns into a global fight for health care and justice. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Cadaver","tags":" Jarand Herdal Gitte Witt, Thomas Gullestad, Thorbj\u00f8rn Harr, Tuva Olivia Remman, Trine Wiggen, Maria Grazia Di Meo, Kingsford Siayor, Jonatan Rodriguez When a peculiar hotel dinner show draws crowds during a postapocalyptic famine, one family discovers they'll pay much more than the price of admission. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Exes Baggage","tags":" Dan Villegas Angelica Panganiban, Carlo Aquino, Dionne Monsanto After years apart, a former couple reunites and gets reacquainted with the pains of love as they work to heal wounds from the past. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Fisherman's Friends","tags":" Chris Foggin Daniel Mays, James Purefoy, David Hayman, Dave Johns, Sam Swainsbury, Tuppence Middleton, Noel Clarke, Maggie Steed, Vahid Gold, Christian Brassington Sea shanties have long united 10 Cornish fishermen, but when their chants sail to the music charts, their friendship is kept at bay. comedy,drama,musiccomedy,drama,music"},{"title":"The Hows of Us","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina Kathryn Bernardo, Daniel Padilla, Darren Espanto, Jean Garcia, Susan Africa, Ria Atayde, Kit Thompson, Odette Khan, Alwyn Uytingco, Juan Miguel Severo A young couple's house was once a happy home. But with one as the breadwinner and the other looking for a big break, can love still live here? drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Hummingbird Project","tags":" Kim Nguyen Jesse Eisenberg, Alexander Skarsg\u00e5rd, Salma Hayek, Michael Mando, Sarah Goldberg, Anna Maguire, Frank Schorpion, Johan Heldenbergh, Kwasi Songui, Ayisha Issa After discovering a shortcut that gives them a technological advantage, two cousins look to earn their big score by outracing a massive corporation. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Yes, God, Yes","tags":" Karen Maine Natalia Dyer, Timothy Simons, Wolfgang Novogratz, Francesca Reale, Susan Blackwell, Alisha Boe, Donna Lynne Champlin, Parker Wierling A devoutly religious teen grapples with her own sexual awakening, and attends a Catholic school retreat in the hopes of suppressing her newfound urges. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Brave Blue World: Racing to Solve Our Water Crisis","tags":" Tim Neeves Liam Neeson, Matt Damon, Jaden Smith From reuse to energy generation, new innovations across five continents are explored in this documentary about building a future for sustainable water. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman","tags":"  President Barack Obama, George Clooney, Malala Yousafzai, Jay-Z, Tina Fey, Howard Stern, David Letterman TV legend David Letterman teams up with fascinating global figures for in-depth interviews and curiosity-fueled excursions in this monthly talk show. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Rebecca","tags":" Ben Wheatley Lily James, Armie Hammer, Kristin Scott Thomas, Keeley Hawes, Ann Dowd, Sam Riley, Tom Goodman-Hill, Mark Lewis Jones, John Hollingworth, Bill Paterson A young newlywed moves to her husband's imposing estate, where she must contend with his sinister housekeeper and the haunting shadow of his late wife. drama,romance,suspensedrama,romance,suspense"},{"title":"The Magic School Bus Rides Again The Frizz Connection","tags":" Richard Weston Kate McKinnon, Roman Lutterotti, Mikaela Blake, Gabby Clarke, Leke Maceda-Rustecki, Matthew Mucci, Birva Pandya, Lynsey Pham, Kaden Stephen Lightning splits the Magic School Bus into three pieces, scattering the class across the globe with different versions of Ms. Frizzle aboard each bus! familyfamily"},{"title":"Tremors: Shrieker Island","tags":" Don Michael Paul Michael Gross, Jon Heder, Caroline Langrishe, Cassie Clare, Matthew Douglas, Sahajak Boonthanakit, David Asavanond, Jackie Cruz, Richard Brake When massive mutant creatures infiltrate an island nature preserve, scientists recruit a legendary monster hunter to battle the beasts. action,suspenseaction,suspense"},{"title":"Beirut Oh Beirut","tags":" Maroun Baghdadi Ezzat El Alaily, Mireille Maalouf, Joseph Bou Nassar, Elie Adabachi, Philippe Akiki, Ahmed Al Zein In the aftermath of the 1967 Arab-Israeli War, four young Lebanese navigate their existence along rapidly transforming political lines. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bosta","tags":" Philippe Aractingi Rodney El Haddad, Nadine Labaky, Nada Abou Farhat, Liliane Nemri, Omar Rajeh, Mounir Malaeb, Bshara Atallah, Rana Alamuddin, Joelle Rizk, Mahfouz Barakat, Mahmoud Mabsout, Bader Haddad, Youssef Emalhoub After 15 years in France, Kamal returns to his native Beirut and reassembles his dance crew, striving to modernize traditional Dabke routines. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Ghadi","tags":" Amin Dora Georges Khabbaz, Lara Rain, Emmanuel Khairallah, Samir Youssef, Camille Salameh, Rodrigue Sleiman, Caroline Labaki, Giselle Boueiz, Christine Choueiri When the father of a boy with Down syndrome resists his neighbors' efforts to have the child institutionalized, miraculous events begin to occur. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Heritages","tags":" Philippe Aractingi Philippe Aractingi, Diane Aractingi After being forced to leave his country three times, a Lebanese film director traces his roots and analyzes key moments of the nation's history. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Listen","tags":" Philippe Aractingi Hadi Bou Ayash, Ruba Zarour, Yara Bou Nassar, Rafik Ali Ahmad, Joseph Bou Nassar, Lama Lawand A sound engineer falls for a model but after an unfortunate accident, he fights to save their love by triggering her senses. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Out of Life","tags":" Maroun Baghdadi Hippolyte Girardot, Rafik Ali Ahmad, Hussein Sbeity, Habib Hammoud, Majdi Machmouchi, Hassan Farhat, Hassan Zbib, Nabila Zeitouni, Hamza Nasrallah, Sami Hawat, Sabrina Leurquin, Roger Assaf, Nidal El Askhar Kidnapped by guerrillas in Beirut, a French photojournalist refuses to yield his dignity despite being tortured and brainwashed by his captors. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Panoptic","tags":" Rana Eid Rana Eid This documentary dissects Lebanon's present-day paradoxes stemming from years of conflict as the director attempts to reconcile with her nation's past. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Taxi Ballad","tags":" Daniel Joseph Talal El-Jordi, Karina Logue, Badih Abou Chakra, Tariq Tamim, Omar Mikati, Hiam Abou Chedid, Mahmoud Mabsout, Aida Sabra A taxi driver new to Beirut forms an unlikely bond with a bored American Pilates instructor who loves hearing him tell stories about his past. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Kite","tags":" Randa Chahal Sabbag Flavia Bechara, Maher Bsaibes, Randa Asmar, Ren\u00e9e Dick, Julia Kassar, Liliane Nemri, Ziad Rahbani, Nayef Naji, Edmond Haddad, Alia Nemry In an occupied village, a teen girl is set to wed a stranger. But when she crosses over to meet her betrothed, her heart gets entangled at the border. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Little Wars","tags":" Maroun Baghdadi Soraya Khoury, Nabil Isma\u00efl, Roger Hawa, Reda Khoury, Youcef Hosni, Rifaat Tarabay Beirut resident Soraya is drawn to two men: daredevil photographer Nabil and Talal, who must embrace his feudal heritage when his father is kidnapped. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Under the Bombs","tags":" Philippe Aractingi Nada Abou Farhat, Georges Khabbaz, Bshara Atallah, Rawia Elchab, Elham Abbas, Iman Affara, Zahra Ali, Ali Maerouf Amer, Ali Azour, Najat Darwish A mother arrives in war-torn Lebanon looking for her missing son in the South as a cab driver agrees to escort her on her dangerous trip. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"West Beirut","tags":" Ziad Doueiri Rami Doueiri, Mohamad Chamas, Rola Al Amin, Carmen Lebbos, Joseph Bou Nassar, Liliane Nemri Three intrepid teens roam the streets of Beirut in the midst of civil war, filming on a Super 8 camera and reckoning with the pains of growing up. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"What Did I Mess","tags":" Shady Hanna Rola Beksmati, Junaid Zeineldine, Abboudy Mallah, Tanya Nasr, Matteo El Khodr, Rita El Khoury, Tony Benn In an attempt to get her ex to propose, Nayla hosts a gathering to introduce him to her new suitor \u2014 only for the party to turn into a hellish occasion. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Whispers","tags":" Maroun Baghdadi Nadia Tueni, Ziad Rahbani With her home devastated by war, a Lebanese poet takes a cross-country road trip, looking for glimmers of hope through nostalgic memories and verse. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Zozo","tags":" Josef Fares Imad Creidi, Antoinette Turk, Elias Gergi, Carmen Lebbos, Viktor Axelsson, Charbel Iskandar, Yasmine Awad When Lebanon's Civil War deprives Zozo of his family, he's left with grief and little means as he escapes to Sweden in search of his grandparents. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"ParaNorman","tags":" Sam Fell, Chris Butler Kodi Smit-McPhee, Tucker Albrizzi, Anna Kendrick, Casey Affleck, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Leslie Mann, Jeff Garlin, Elaine Stritch, Bernard Hill, Jodelle Ferland, Tempestt Bledsoe, Alex Borstein, John Goodman When an army of zombies invades a small town, it's up to an odd local boy with a knack for communicating with the dead to save the day. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Start-Up","tags":"  Bae Suzy, Nam Joo-hyuk, Kim Seon-ho, Kang Han-na, Kim Do-wan, Yu Su-bin, Stephanie Lee, Kim Hae-sook, Seo Yi-sook, Song Sun-mi Young entrepreneurs aspiring to launch virtual dreams into reality compete for success and love in the cutthroat world of Korea's high-tech industry. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"I Am Vengeance: Retaliation","tags":" Ross Boyask Stu Bennett, Vinnie Jones, Mark Griffin, Katrina Durden, Phoebe Robinson-Galvin, Sam Benjamin, David Schaal, Jessica-Jane Stafford, Bentley Kalu, Jean-Paul Ly To clear his criminal record, an ex-special forces soldier agrees to lead a team to retrieve a double-crossing mercenary and deliver him to justice. actionaction"},{"title":"Disconnect","tags":" David 'Tosh' Gitonga, Michael Jones Brenda Wairimu, Nick Mutuma, Catherine Kamau, Pascal Tokodi, Patricia Kihoro, Pierra Makena, Bridget Shighadi, Brian Ogola, Illya Frank, Aseem Sharma, Arthur Sanya, Justin Mirichii, Maqbul Mohammed A group of singletons stumbles through the wild dating scene in Nairobi as two friends wonder if their relationship is more than platonic. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Grand Army","tags":"  Odessa A\u2019zion, Odley Jean, Amir Bageria, Maliq Johnson, Amalia Yoo, Alphonso Romero Jones II, Thelonius Serrell-Freed, Anthony Ippolito, Brian Altemus Five students at the largest public high school in Brooklyn take on a chaotic world as they fight to succeed, survive, break free and seize the future. drama,showdrama,show"},{"title":"In a Valley of Violence","tags":" Ti West Ethan Hawke, John Travolta, Taissa Farmiga, James Ransone, Karen Gillan, Toby Huss, Tommy Nohilly, Larry Fessenden, Michael Davis, Burn Gorman After a quiet drifter is met with violence and bullying in a small town, he finds himself enmeshed in a vengeful struggle with the local marshal. actionaction"},{"title":"La R\u00e9volution","tags":"  Amir El Kacem, Marilou Aussilloux, Lionel Erdogan, Isabel Aim\u00e9 Gonzalez Sola, Julien Frison, Doudou Masta, Dimitri Storoge, Am\u00e9lia Lacquemant, Coline Beal, Laurent Lucas, Gaia Weiss, Chiara Tantimonaco, Nina Tantimonaco, Pierre Andrau, Philippine Martinot, J\u00e9r\u00e9mie Covillault In a reimagined history, a mysterious disease besets 18th century France, culminating in a brutal clash between rebels and the aristocracy. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Someone Has to Die","tags":" Manolo Caro Carmen Maura, Cecilia Su\u00e1rez, Ester Exp\u00f3sito, Ernesto Alterio, Alejandro Speitzer, Isaac Hern\u00e1ndez, Carlos Cuevas, Mariola Fuentes, Pilar Castro, Juan Carlos Vellido, Eduardo Casanova, Manuel Mor\u00f3n, Javier Pereira In conservative 1950s Spain, the alleged relationship between a young man and a Mexican ballerino creates an uproar of harrowing consequences. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Last Kids on Earth","tags":"  Nick Wolfhard, Charles Demers, Garland Whitt, Montse Hernandez, Brian Drummond, Giles Panton, Keith David When zombies and monsters invade his hometown, a scrappy 13-year-old orphan teams up with his friends in hopes of surviving the chaos. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Trial of the Chicago 7","tags":" Aaron Sorkin Sacha Baron Cohen, Eddie Redmayne, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Jeremy Strong, Mark Rylance, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Michael Keaton, Frank Langella, John Carroll Lynch, Alex Sharp, John Doman, Ben Shenkman What was supposed to be a peaceful protest turned into a violent clash with the police. What followed was one of the most notorious trials in history. dramadrama"},{"title":"Unfriended","tags":" Levan Gabriadze Shelley Hennig, Moses Storm, Renee Olstead, Will Peltz, Jacob Wysocki, Courtney Halverson, Heather Sossaman, Matthew Bohrer, Mickey River, Cal Barnes Six teens whose cyberbullying drove their classmate to kill herself become the target of an online stalker with a lethal agenda. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"A Babysitter's Guide to Monster Hunting","tags":" Rachel Talalay Tamara Smart, Oona Laurence, Tom Felton, Troy Leigh-Anne Johnson, Lynn Masako Cheng, Ty Consiglio, Ian Ho, Indya Moore, Alessio Scalzotto, Tamsen McDonough Recruited by a secret society of babysitters, a high schooler battles the Boogeyman and his monsters when they nab the boy she's watching on Halloween. familyfamily"},{"title":"Batman: The Killing Joke","tags":" Sam Liu Kevin Conroy, Mark Hamill, Tara Strong, Ray Wise, John DiMaggio, Robin Atkin Downes, Brian George, JP Karliak, Andrew Kishino, Nolan North The Joker makes life hell for the Gordon family in a monstrous attempt to prove to Batman that one bad day can drive a good man to madness. actionaction"},{"title":"El-Khawaga's Dilemma","tags":" Peter Mimi Hassan El Raddad, Mohamed Lotfy, Hana El Zahed, Hassan Hosny, Majed El Masry, Mohamed Ezz, Samia Trabelsi, Yasser Al Zankalouni, Ahmed El Sobky, Bayoumi Fouad After a car crash, sparks fly for a financially struggling man and the daughter of a business tycoon, unraveling dark secrets and loose ends. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Fireman Sam","tags":"  Steven Kynman, David Carling, Tegwen Tucker, Su Douglas, Andrew Hodwitz, Dave Pender, Lily Cassano, Carter Treneer, Sarah Lynn Strange Sharing valuable lessons in fire safety for preschoolers, Fireman Sam and his animated crew from Pontypandy, Wales, are ready for any emergency. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Half & Half","tags":"  Rachel True, Essence Atkins, Telma Hopkins, Chico Benymon, Valarie Pettiford, Alec Mapa After two estranged half-sisters in their twenties find their lives suddenly entwined, they grow closer as they get to know more about each other. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kartini: Princess of Java","tags":" Hanung Bramantyo Dian Sastrowardoyo, Ayushita, Acha Septriasa, Deddy Sutomo, Christine Hakim, Djenar Maesa Ayu, Denny Sumargo, Adinia Wirasti, Reza Rahadian A woman of nobility battles patriarchal norms in order to improve educational access for women in early 1900s Indonesian society. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Love Like the Falling Rain","tags":" Lasja Fauzia Susatyo Jefri Nichol, Aurora Ribero, Axel Matthew, Nadya Arina, Karina Suwandhi, Rebecca Klopper Fearing rejection, a young man struggles to declare his feelings for his best friend, who soon falls for another man \u2014 until a fateful incident. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"One on One","tags":"  Flex Alexander, Kyla Pratt, Kelly Perine, Sicily Johnson, Robert Ri'chard When his ex-wife lands a job abroad, athlete-turned-sportscaster Flex Washington assumes full-time custody of their teenage daughter, Breanna. comedy,showcomedy,show"},{"title":"Power Rangers Beast Morphers","tags":"  Rorrie D. Travis, Jazz Baduwalia, Jacqueline Scislowski, Abraham Rodr\u00edguez, Teuila Blakely, Kristina Ho, Cosme Flores, Kevin Copeland A new breed of secret agents must stop a ruthless computer virus and its minions from stealing the unlimited clean energy source that created them. familyfamily"},{"title":"Rooting for Roona","tags":" Pavitra Chalam, Akshay Shankar  In rural India, a child with hydrocephalus gets a chance at life-changing surgery after her photos go viral. This documentary charts her journey. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Social Distance","tags":"  Danielle Brooks, Oscar Nu\u00f1ez, Mike Colter, Heather Burns, Okieriete Onaodowan, Ajay Naidu, Shakira Barrera, Steven Weber, Helena Howard, Daphne Rubin-Vega, Guillermo D\u00edaz, Miguel Sandoval, Camila Perez, Gianna Aragon, Tom Costanzo, Luca Costanzo, Olli Haaskivi, Marsha Stephanie Blake, Isabella Ferreira, Rocco Luna, Larita Brooks, Misha Brooks, Liam Foley, Zo\u00eb Verbil, Anthony Norman, Brian Jordan Alvarez, Max Jenkins, Peter Vack, Rana Roy, Peter Scanavino, Ali Ahn, Tami Sagher, Barbara Rosenblat, Michael Mulheren, Leo Bai-Scanavino, Becky Ann Baker, Dylan Baker, Marcia DeBonis, Raymond Anthony Thomas, Sunita Mani, Kylie Liya Page, David Iacono, Lachlan Riley Watson, Niles Fitch, Will Meyers, Ava DeMary, Lydia Look, Asante Blackk, Ayize Ma'at, Lovie Simone Filmed in isolation, this narrative anthology series features both dark and funny takes on how people strive to stay connected while staying apart. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"A Choo","tags":" Kevin Ko, Peter Tsi Kai Ko, Ariel Lin, Darren Wang, Zhang Xiaolong, Louis Koo, Vanness Wu, Kate Tsui Determined to win the heart of his childhood crush from orphanage, EJ becomes a boxer with superpowers and soon confronts a formidable villain. action,foregin,romanceaction,foregin,romance"},{"title":"BLACKPINK: Light Up the Sky","tags":" Caroline Suh Blackpink Record-shattering Korean girl band BLACKPINK tell their story \u2014 and detail the hard-fought journey of the dreams and trials behind their meteoric rise. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"The Three Deaths of Marisela Escobedo","tags":" Carlos P\u00e9rez Osorio  This documentary examines a mother's tireless crusade to jail her daughter's murderer after Mexico's justice system failed to do so. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Fida","tags":" Ken Ghosh Fardeen Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Shahid Kapoor, Kim Sharma, Akhilendra Mishra An all-around nice guy finds himself in a dangerous situation after he makes the ultimate sacrifice for the woman he loves in this drama. foregin,romance,suspenseforegin,romance,suspense"},{"title":"Octonauts & the Great Barrier Reef","tags":" Blair Simmons Simon Greenall, Rob Rackstraw, Jo Wyatt, Paul Buckley, Simon Foster, Teresa Gallagher, Richard Grieve, Michael Murphy, Paul Panting, Keith Wickham In this musical special, the Octonauts must find a way to hold back hungry swarms of coral-eating starfish to save a new friend\u2019s fragile reef home. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Cabin with Bert Kreischer","tags":"  Bert Kreischer, Anthony Anderson, Caitlyn Jenner, Tom Segura, Joey Diaz, Nikki Glaser, Fortune Feimster, Bobby Lee, Donnell Rawlings, Kaley Cuoco, Joel McHale, Ms. Pat, Deon Cole, Big Jay Oakerson Fast-living comic Bert Kreischer heads to a cabin for some self-care and invites his funny friends to join his quest to cleanse his mind, body and soul. show,comedyshow,comedy"},{"title":"Dil","tags":" Indra Kumar Aamir Khan, Madhuri Dixit, Saeed Jaffrey, Deven Verma, Anupam Kher, Shammi, Padma Rani, Rajesh Puri, Satyendra Kapoor A miser\u2019s scheme to set his son up with a millionaire\u2019s daughter backfires when the two actually fall in love \u2014 just as his sly charade is revealed. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Disco Dancer","tags":" B. Subhash Mithun Chakraborty, Kim, Kalpana Iyer, Om Puri, Gita Siddharth, Yusuf Khan, Bob Christo, Om Shivpuri, Karan Razdan A poor boy grows up to be a famous disco dancer, hoping to use his art to exact revenge on the millionaire who once framed him and his mother for theft. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Hunterrr","tags":" Harshavardhan Kulkarni Gulshan Devaiah, Radhika Apte, Sai Tamhankar, Veera Saxena, Sagar Deshmukh A sex-obsessed young man tries to put his past behind him when he falls for an extraordinary woman who makes him want to change his lifestyle. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Kipo and the Age of Wonderbeasts","tags":"  Karen Fukuhara, Sydney Mikayla, Deon Cole, Coy Stewart, Dee Bradley Baker, Sterling K. Brown, Dan Stevens, Jake Green, Steve Blum Making her way through a world of mutant animals, a sheltered yet scrappy girl learns how to survive \u2013 and get home \u2013 with help from her ragtag crew. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Phir Hera Pheri","tags":" Neeraj Vora Akshay Kumar, Sunil Shetty, Paresh Rawal, Bipasha Basu, Rimi Sen, Johny Lever, Manoj Joshi, Rajpal Yadav, Sharat Saxena, Suresh Menon Driven by greed, three rich friends seek to double their wealth and find themselves indebted to a ruthless gangster. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Legend of Bhagat Singh","tags":" Rajkumar Santoshi Ajay Devgn, Sushant Singh, D. Santosh, Akhilendra Mishra, Raj Babbar, Farida Jalal, Amrita Rao, Mukesh Tiwari This biopic chronicles the life and times of iconic Indian revolutionary Bhagat Singh, who led an armed resistance against the British in the 1920. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"House of the Witch","tags":" Alex Merkin Emily Bader, Darren Mann, Michelle Randolph, Coy Stewart, Jesse Pepe, Arden Belle, Joel Nagle, Nolan Bateman A group of daring teens finds themselves in a fight for their lives inside a haunted house when a sinister spirit crashes their Halloween party. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Deaf U","tags":"   In this reality series, a tight-knit group of Deaf and hard of hearing students share their stories and explore life at Gallaudet University. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Ginny Weds Sunny","tags":" Puneet Khanna Yami Gautam, Vikrant Massey, Suhail Nayyar, Ayesha Raza Mishra, Isha Talwar, Rajeev Gupta Eager to marry but constantly rejected by women, a bachelor hopes to win over a former crush by accepting help from an unlikely source: her mother. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"My Step Dad: The Hippie","tags":" Meltem Bozoflu Onur Buldu, Mahir \u0130pek, Derya Karada\u015f, Onur Attila, Meltem Y\u0131lmazkaya, Yasemin Conka, Burak Topaloglu, Sefik Taylan, Orkun Karag\u00f6z, Erdogan Aydin When three adult siblings meet the offbeat man who their widowed mom fawns over, they take drastic actions to stop them from ever getting married. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Super Monsters: Dia de los Monsters","tags":"   The Super Monsters celebrate D\u00eda de los Muertos in Vida\u2019s hometown with her magical family, some new monster friends and a spook-tacular parade! familyfamily"},{"title":"The Forty-Year-Old Version","tags":" Radha Blank Radha Blank, Peter Kim, Oswin Benjamin, Imani Lewis, Haskiri Velazquez, Antonio Ortiz, T.J. Atoms, Reed Birney Desperate for a breakthrough as she nears the big 4-0, struggling New York City playwright Radha finds inspiration by reinventing herself as a rapper. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Haunting of Bly Manor","tags":"  Victoria Pedretti, Oliver Jackson-Cohen, Henry Thomas, Amelia Eve, T'Nia Miller, Rahul Kohli, Tahirah Sharif, Amelie Bea Smith, Benjamin Evan Ainsworth Dead doesn't mean gone. An au pair plunges into an abyss of chilling secrets in this gothic romance from the creator of \"The Haunting of Hill House.\" drama,suspense,suspensedrama,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Bigflo & Oli: Hip Hop Frenzy","tags":" Bigflo & Oli, J\u00e9r\u00e9mie Levypon Bigflo & Oli Go backstage with French rap duo Bigflo & Oli in this intimate music documentary, then join the superstar siblings as they embark on a major tour. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Do Do Sol Sol La La Sol","tags":"  Go A-ra, Lee Jae-wook, Kim Ju-hun, Ye Ji-won, Lee Soon-jae, Shin Eun-soo, Seo Yi-sook A riches-to-rags pianist who loses everything but her smile is guided by twinkling little stars to a small town where she finds hope, home and love. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Palermo Hollywood","tags":" Eduardo Pinto Brian Maya, Mat\u00edas Desiderio, Manuela Pal, Azul Lombard\u00eda A pair of petty criminals from different backgrounds get tangled up in a gangster's kidnapping scheme that goes awry. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Private Lives","tags":"  Seohyun, Ko Kyung-pyo, Kim Hyo-jin, Kim Young-min, Tae Won-seok, Song Sun-mi, Park Seong-geun, Jang Jin-hee, Yoon Sa-bong, Lee Hak-ju, Song Sang-eun, Jang Won-hyeok, Yoo Hee-je, Min Zio, Kim Min-sang, Kim Ba-da, Cha Soo-yeon In a world where data is no longer private, con artists uncover a sinister surveillance scheme headed by the government and a greedy corporation. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The 100","tags":"  Eliza Taylor, Paige Turco, Bob Morley, Marie Avgeropoulos, Christopher Larkin, Henry Ian Cusick, Isaiah Washington, Lindsey Morgan, Devon Bostick, Richard Harmon, Ricky Whittle, Jarod Joseph, Chelsey Reist, Sachin Sahel, Adina Porter A century after Earth was devastated by a nuclear apocalypse, 100 space station residents are sent to the planet to determine whether it's habitable. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Hubie Halloween","tags":" Steve Brill Adam Sandler, Kevin James, Julie Bowen, Ray Liotta, Steve Buscemi, Maya Rudolph, Rob Schneider, June Squibb, Kenan Thompson, Tim Meadows, Michael Chiklis, Karan Brar, George Wallace, Paris Berelc, Noah Schnapp, China Anne McClain, Colin Quinn, Kym Whitley, Lavell Crawford, Mikey Day, Jackie Sandler, Sadie Sandler, Sunny Sandler Hubie's not the most popular guy in Salem, Mass., but when Halloween turns truly spooky, this good-hearted scaredy-cat sets out to keep his town safe. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"To the Lake","tags":" Pavel Kostomarov Viktoriya Isakova, Kirill K\u00e4ro, Aleksandr Robak, Natalya Zemtsova, Maryana Spivak, Yuri Kuznetsov, Eldar Kalimulin, Viktoriya Agalakova, Alexander Yatsenko, Saveliy Kudryashov Facing the end of civilization when a terrifying plague strikes, a group risks their lives, loves \u2014 and humanity \u2014 in a brutal struggle to survive. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"American Pie 9: Girls' Rules","tags":" Mike Elliott Madison Pettis, Lizze Broadway, Piper Curda, Natasha Behnam, Darren Barnet, Sara Rue, Zachary Gordon, Camaron Engels, Christian Valderrama, Zayne Emory Four tight-knit high school seniors vow to turn their love lives around by homecoming when the arrival of a new student muddles their plans. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Dolly Parton: Here I Am","tags":" Francis Whately Dolly Parton Dolly Parton leads a moving, musical journey in this documentary that details the people and places who have helped shape her iconic career. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"StarBeam: Halloween Hero","tags":" Jon Izen Nahanni Mitchell, Dean Petriw, Terry Klassen, Sam Vincent, Rhona Rees, Laara Sadiq Greedy Captain Fishbeard is stealing everybody's Halloween treats for himself, but StarBeam and Boost have some tricks up their sleeves to save the day! familyfamily"},{"title":"Walk Away from Love","tags":" Christopher Nolen Noree Victoria, Brad James, Robert Christopher Riley, Brely Evans, Sabrina Revelle Heartbroken from her last relationship, an attorney is wary of falling in love again. But crossing paths with an ex upends her plans to finally move on. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Bad Boy Billionaires: India","tags":"   This investigative docuseries explores the greed, fraud and corruption that built up \u2014 and ultimately brought down \u2014 India\u2019s most infamous tycoons. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"David Attenborough: A Life on Our Planet","tags":" Alastair Fothergill, Jonnie Hughes, Keith Scholey David Attenborough A broadcaster recounts his life, and the evolutionary history of life on Earth, to grieve the loss of wild places and offer a vision for the future. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Best Wishes, Warmest Regards: A Schitt's Creek Farewell","tags":" Amy Segal Daniel Levy, Eugene Levy, Catherine O'Hara, Annie Murphy, Chris Elliott, Emily Hampshire, Sarah Levy, Jennifer Robertson, Noah Reid, Dustin Milligan, Karen Robinson, Rizwan Manji From unseen footage to the last table read, this documentary takes an inside look at the final season of the acclaimed comedy series \"Schitt's Creek.\" documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Good Game: The Beginning","tags":" Umut Aral Mert Yaz\u0131c\u0131o\u011flu, Afra Sara\u00e7o\u011flu, Yi\u011fit Kirazc\u0131, Orkun I\u015f\u0131tmak, Bahar \u015eahin, Tolga Canbeyli, Bada Oh Deniz, Hakan Kurta\u015f, Do\u011fa\u00e7 Yildiz New high school grad and avid gamer Cenk is recruited to an intense esports team that trains for a tournament with a life-changing prize. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"A Chaster Marriage","tags":" Umut Kirca Emre Karayel, Ceren Moray, Beg\u00fcm K\u00fct\u00fck, Ececan G\u00fcmeci, \u00dcmit Erdim, Cem Kili\u00e7, Haldun Boysan, Ferdi Akarnur, Mine Teber, G\u00fcne\u015f Hayat Forced to wed his childhood friend, a man obsessed with football attempts to get rid of his wife in order to keep the woman he truly loves. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"DreamWorks Happy Holidays from Madagascar","tags":"  Tom McGrath, Chris Miller, Christopher Knights, John DiMaggio, Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, David Schwimmer, Jada Pinkett Smith, Cedric the Entertainer, Andy Richter, Carl Reiner Madagascar goes wild with holiday spirit in this set of Valentine's Day and Christmas-themed tales featuring everyone's favorite animal characters. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Emily in Paris","tags":"  Lily Collins, Philippine Leroy-Beaulieu, Ashley Park, Lucas Bravo, Kate Walsh, Samuel Arnold, Bruno Gouery, Camille Razat After landing her dream job in Paris, Chicago marketing exec Emily Cooper embraces her adventurous new life while juggling work, friends and romance. romance,comedy,dramaromance,comedy,drama"},{"title":"H2O: Just Add Water","tags":"  Cariba Heine, Phoebe Tonkin, Angus McLaren, Burgess Abernethy, Claire Holt, Alan David Lee, Cleo Massey, Jamie Timony The gals in this fantasy series cope with the burden of growing a giant fin and transforming into mermaids whenever they come in contact with water. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"\u00d2l\u00f2t\u016br\u00e9","tags":" Kenneth Gyang Beverly Osu, Sharon Ooja, Omowunmi Dada, Pearl Okorie, Wofai Samuel, Ikechukwu Onunaku, Kemi Lala Akindoju, Blossom Chukwujekwu, Adebukola Oladipupo, Omoni Oboli, Segun Arinze, Ada Ameh, Sambasa Nzeribe, Patrick Doyle, Gregory Ojefua In Lagos, a journalist goes undercover as a prostitute to expose human trafficking. What she finds is a world of exploited women and ruthless violence. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Serious Men","tags":" Sudhir Mishra Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Nasser, Aakshath Das, Indira Tiwari, Sanjay Narvekar, Shweta Basu Prasad When a slum dweller spins a web of lies in pursuit of the upward mobility he has long craved, his ruse could be especially dangerous for his young son. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Binding","tags":" Domenico de Feudis Riccardo Scamarcio, M\u00eda Maestro While visiting her fianc\u00e9's mother in southern Italy, a woman must fight the mysterious and malevolent curse intent on claiming her daughter. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Turkish Dance School","tags":" Burak Aksak Binnur Kaya, Demet \u00d6zdemir, Uraz Kayg\u0131laro\u011flu, Okan \u00c7abalar, Bora Cengiz, Nergis \u00d6zt\u00fcrk, Berat Yenilmez, Meltem G\u00fclen\u00e7, Hakan Sal\u0131nm\u0131\u015f A woman recovering from an attempted suicide meets an aspiring doctor who takes a keen interest in her efforts to move forward in life through dance. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Vampires vs. the Bronx","tags":" Oz Rodriguez Jaden Michael, Gerald W. Jones III, Gregory Diaz IV, Sarah Gadon, Method Man, Shea Whigham, Coco Jones, The Kid Mero, Chris Redd, Vladimir Caama\u00f1o, Jeremie Harris, Adam David Thompson, Zoe Saldana Three gutsy kids from a rapidly gentrifying Bronx neighborhood stumble upon a sinister plot to suck all the life from their beloved community. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"You've Got This","tags":" Salvador Espinosa Mauricio Ochmann, Esmeralda Pimentel, Matteo Giannini, Regina Reynoso, Juan Mart\u00edn Jauregui, Tato Alexander, Ver\u00f3nica Bravo, Fernando Becerril, Mois\u00e9s Arizmendi, Tiar\u00e9 Scanda, Mariana Cabrera, Montserrat Mara\u00f1\u00f3n, Ver\u00f3nica Langer An ad creative and a\u00a0successful exec\u00a0have a great marriage \u2014 until he wants to be a dad just as her star is rising. Then he brings someone new home. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"All Because of You","tags":" Adrian Teh Hairul Azreen, Janna Nick, Amerul Affendi, Henley Hii, Nam Ron, Theebaan Govindasamy, Taufiq Hanafi, Hafizul Kamal, Josiah Hogan, Sophia Albarakbah, Sugeeta Chandran, Anna Jobling After falling for a guest, an unsuspecting hotel staff becomes embroiled in a hostage scheme and discovers true love in an unlikely place. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"An Ordinary Man","tags":" Brad Silberling Ben Kingsley, Hera Hilmar, Peter Serafinowicz A war criminal in hiding begins to suspect that the maid, his only confidant and contact with the outside world, may be hiding something herself. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Carlos Almaraz: Playing with Fire","tags":" Elsa Flores Almaraz, Richard J Montoya Edward James Olmos, Zach De La Rocha Mixing archival footage with interviews, this film celebrates one of Los Angeles's most influential painters and Chicano art activists from the 1970s. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Cold Harbour","tags":" Carey McKenzie Tony Kgoroge, Yu Nan, Thomas Gumede, Deon Lotz, Fana Mokoena, Zolani Mahola, Kenneth Fok, Nicole Bessick When a war breaks out between competing gangs of smugglers in Cape Town, South Africa, an honest cop is pressured to work for a powerful crime lord. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Evil","tags":"  Katja Herbers, Mike Colter, Aasif Mandvi, Michael Emerson, Christine Lahti, Kurt Fuller, Marti Matulis A forensic psychologist partners with a Catholic priest-in-training to investigate miracles and demonic possession in this supernatural drama. dramadrama"},{"title":"Familiar Wife","tags":"  Ji Sung, Han Ji-min, Kang Han-na, Jang Seung-jo After receiving a bizarre chance to go back in time, a man wakes up to find that his whole life \u2014 including the person he married \u2014 is different. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Food Wars!: Shokugeki no Soma","tags":"  Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Risa Taneda, Minami Takahashi, Shizuka Ishigami, Natsuki Hanae, Yuki Ono, Takahiro Sakurai, Ai Kayano, Maaya Uchida, Taishi Murata, Yusuke Kobayashi, Saori Onishi, Hisako Kanemoto, Chinatsu Akasaki, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Junichi Suwabe, Yuichi Nakamura, Jun Fukuyama Young chef Soma enters the prestigious Totsuki Culinary Academy, where he must emerge victorious in over-the-top cooking battles or face expulsion. anime,foregin,showanime,foregin,show"},{"title":"Free State of Jones","tags":" Gary Ross Matthew McConaughey, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Mahershala Ali, Keri Russell, Christopher Berry, Sean Bridgers, Jacob Lofland, Thomas Francis Murphy, Bill Tangradi A Mississippi farmer turns outlaw as he leads a ragtag band of fellow Civil War deserters and escaped slaves in a rebellion against the Confederacy. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Good Morning, Ver\u00f4nica","tags":"  Tain\u00e1 M\u00fcller, Eduardo Moscovis, Camila Morgado, Antonio Grassi, Elisa Volpatto, C\u00e9sar Mello, S\u00edlvio Guindane, Alice Valverde, DJ Amorim, Adriano Garib, Johnnas Oliva, Marina Provenzzano, Jos\u00e9 Rubens Chach\u00e1, Julia Ianina, Sacha Bali, Aline Borges, Cassio Pandolfi, Pally Siqueira, Juliana Lohmann While hunting for a dating-site predator, an underused cop discovers a husband and wife with a horrific secret \u2014 and a web of conspiracy hiding it. action,foregin,suspenseaction,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Human Nature","tags":" Adam Bolt  From breakthrough science to the boundaries of morality, this documentary spotlights a revelation in genetic modification research known as CRISPR. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Hunt for the Wilderpeople","tags":" Taika Waititi Sam Neill, Julian Dennison, Rima Te Wiata, Rachel House, Tioreore Ngatai-Melbourne, Oscar Kightley, Stan Walker, Mike Minogue, Cohen Holloway, Rhys Darby A misadventure in the wilderness leads to life-changing discoveries for a troubled orphan teen from the city and his belligerent foster father. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"I'm Leaving Now","tags":" Lindsey Cordero, Armando Croda  In this evocative documentary, an undocumented immigrant plans to return to Mexico after 16 years but his family tells him he needs to stay in the US. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Oktoberfest: Beer & Blood","tags":"  Mi\u0161el Mati\u010devi\u0107, Martina Gedeck, Klaus Steinbacher, Mercedes M\u00fcller, Maximilian Br\u00fcckner, Brigitte Hobmeier, Markus Krojer, Martin Feifel, Michael Kranz, Vladimir Burlakov In 1900 Munich, ambitious brewer Curt Prank uses brutal tactics on his quest to build a beer hall that will dominate the city's lucrative Oktoberfest. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Rize","tags":" David LaChapelle Tommy the Clown, Tight Eyez This documentary explores \"krumping,\" a fast-paced urban dance, and follows the man that originated the phenomenon in South Central Los Angeles. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Secreto bien guardado","tags":"  Oriana Sabatini, Victorio D'Alessandro, Noem\u00ed Frenkel, Mat\u00edas Mayer, Paula Sartor, Agustina Palma, Graciela Tenenbaum, B\u00e1rbara Lombardo In 1940 Argentina, a Jewish 17-year-old on vacation with her family falls in love with a young Nazi lawyer staying at the same hotel. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Sword Art Online","tags":"  Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Haruka Tomatsu, Ayana Taketatsu, Kanae Ito, Rina Hidaka, Ayahi Takagaki, Hiroaki Hirata, Hiroki Yasumoto, Saori Hayami, Koichi Yamadera A video game whiz helps create a new technology that enables players to guide their online avatars with their own bodies \u2013 but a dark twist emerges. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"The Book of Sun","tags":" Faris Godus Baraa Alem, Ismail Alhassan, Ahmed Saddam, Sohayb Godus, Nawaf Alshubaili, Eyad Ayman Kaifi A high school senior sets out to make a no-budget horror film with his friend, one-time rival and teacher, but the project soon jeopardizes their future. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Outpost","tags":" Rod Lurie Scott Eastwood, Caleb Landry Jones, Orlando Bloom, Jack Kesy, Cory Hardrict, Milo Gibson, Jacob Scipio, Taylor John Smith, Jonathan Yunger, Alexander Arnold A group of vastly outnumbered U.S. soldiers at a remote Afghanistan base must fend off a brutal offensive by Taliban fighters in the Battle of Kamdesh. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"The Parkers","tags":"  Mo'Nique, Countess Vaughn, Dorien Wilson, Jenna von O\u00ff, Ken Lawson, Yvette Wilson In this \"Moesha\" spinoff, undergraduate Kim is joined at Santa Monica College by her mother Nikki, who decides to go back to school with her daughter. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Unicorn","tags":"  Walton Goggins, Rob Corddry, Michaela Watkins, Omar Benson Miller, Maya Lynne Robinson, Ruby Jay, Makenzie Moss A widowed father of two girls navigates the world of dating, surprised to learn that many women consider him a hot commodity. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"We Have Always Lived in the Castle","tags":" Stacie Passon Taissa Farmiga, Alexandra Daddario, Crispin Glover, Sebastian Stan, Paula Malcomson, Peter Coonan, Ian Toner, Joanne Crawford The fragile and secretive world of two sisters and their uncle crumbles when their charming cousin arrives with eyes toward the family fortune. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"You Cannot Hide","tags":"  Blanca Soto, Eduardo Noriega, Iv\u00e1n S\u00e1nchez, Maribel Verd\u00fa, Samantha Siqueiros, Peter Vives, Patricia Guirado, Jorge Bosch, Pere Ponce, Juan Caballero, Jordi Planas A nurse and her daughter flee her husband\u2019s drug-trafficking past in Mexico and assume new identities in Spain, but still face danger in Madrid. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"American Murder: The Family Next Door","tags":" Jenny Popplewell  Using raw, firsthand footage, this documentary examines the disappearance of Shanann Watts and her children, and the terrible events that followed. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Baxu and the Giants","tags":" Florian Schott Camilla Jo-Ann Daries, Wafeeq Narimab, Anna Louw, Steven Afrikaner, Ashwyn Mberi, Robert Hara Gaeb A young girl grows increasingly concerned about the rhino poaching in her village when it begins to directly impact her impoverished family. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Black Butler","tags":"  Daisuke Ono, Maaya Sakamoto, Hiroki Touchi, Yuki Kaji, Emiri Kato, Koji Yusa, Shunji Fujimura, Yukari Tamura, Romi Park, Jun Fukuyama In Victorian London, 12-year-old business magnate Ciel Phantomhive thwarts dangers to the queen as he's watched over by his demon butler, Sebastian. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Man with a Plan","tags":"  Matt LeBlanc, Liza Snyder, Grace Kaufman, Matthew McCann, Hala Finley, Matt Cook, Jessica Chaffin When his wife Andi returns to work, contractor Adam Burns becomes a stay-at-home dad and discovers that parenting is a tougher job than he realized. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Poacher","tags":" Tom Whitworth Brian Ogola, Davina Leonard, Shiviske Shivisi, Lenny Juma, Olwenya Maina, Peter King, Alfred Munyua, Mwajuma Belle A daring farmer steals illicit ivory from a group of international terrorists and must elude their dangerous and deadly games. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Boys in the Band","tags":" Joe Mantello Jim Parsons, Zachary Quinto, Matt Bomer, Andrew Rannells, Charlie Carver, Robin de Jes\u00fas, Brian Hutchison, Michael Benjamin Washington, Tuc Watkins At a birthday party in 1968 New York, a surprise guest and a drunken game leave seven gay friends reckoning with unspoken feelings and buried truths. drama,lgbtdrama,lgbt"},{"title":"The Boys in the Band: Something Personal","tags":"  Jim Parsons, Zachary Quinto, Matt Bomer, Andrew Rannells, Charlie Carver, Robin de Jes\u00fas, Brian Hutchison, Michael Benjamin Washington, Tuc Watkins, Joe Mantello, Ned Martel, Mart Crowley Decades after his play first put gay life center stage, Mart Crowley joins the cast and crew of the 2020 film to reflect on the story's enduring legacy. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Wentworth","tags":"  Danielle Cormack, Nicole da Silva, Kate Atkinson, Celia Ireland, Shareena Clanton, Aaron Jeffery, Robbie Magasiva, Katrina Milosevic, Jacqueline Brennan, Ra Chapman, Pamela Rabe, Sigrid Thornton, Socratis Otto, Bernard Curry, Tammy MacIntosh, Kate Jenkinson Bea Smith is locked up while awaiting trial for the alleged attempted murder of her husband and must learn how life works in prison. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Bully","tags":" Lee Hirsch  This eye-opening documentary tracks the stories of five different families whose children are struggling to defend themselves from school bullies. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Michelle Buteau: Welcome to Buteaupia","tags":" Page Hurwitz Michelle Buteau Scene-stealing queen Michelle Buteau dazzles with real talk on relationships, parenthood, cultural differences and the government workers who adore her. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Welcome to Sudden Death","tags":" Dallas Jackson Michael Jai White, Michael Eklund, Sabryn Rock, Nakai Takawira, Lyric Justice, Sagine Semajuste, Gary Owen, Anthony Grant, Kristen Harris, BJ Verot, Sean Skene, Marrese Crump, Stephanie Sy, Jeff Strome, Adam Hurtig, Gillian White, Anthony J. Mifsud At a basketball game, an ex-Special Forces officer must face a group of tech-savvy hostiles when a team owner and his daughter are taken hostage. actionaction"},{"title":"Amandla! A Revolution in Four Part Harmony","tags":" Lee Hirsch Miriam Makeba, Hugh Masekela, Abdullah Ibrahim, Duma Ka Ndlovu, Sibongile Khumalo, Vusi Mahlasela, Thandi Modise, Sifiso Ntuli, Sibusiso Nxumalo, Dolly Rathebe, Lindiwe Zulu This documentary recounts the fascinating and little-known role that music has played in the struggle to eradicate apartheid in South Africa. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Ankhon Dekhi","tags":" Rajat Kapoor Sanjay Mishra, Seema Pahwa, Rajat Kapoor, Taranjit Kaur, Maya Sarao, Chandrachoor Rai, Namit Das, Brijendra Kala, Alka Chawla, Manu Rishi Chadha After a distressing incident, a Delhi man vows to believe only what he can see, but his new ideals soon take his life in extreme directions. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Dedh Ishqiya","tags":" Abhishek Chaubey Naseeruddin Shah, Madhuri Dixit, Arshad Warsi, Huma Qureshi, Vijay Raaz, Manoj Pahwa, Salman Shahid After failing to win the heart of an aristocrat's widow, a thief plans to abduct her, only to discover that there are others with the same idea. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Golmaal Returns","tags":" Rohit Shetty Ajay Devgn, Kareena Kapoor, Arshad Warsi, Tusshar Kapoor, Shreyas Talpade, Celina Jaitly, Amrita Arora, Anjana Sukhani A man's relationship with his jealous wife enters choppy waters after he has to spend a night on a yacht with a woman he's rescued from gangsters. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Ishq Vishk","tags":" Ken Ghosh Shahid Kapoor, Amrita Rao, Shenaz Treasury, Vishal Malhotra, Kapil Jhaveri, Shabhir, Deepti Gujral, Yash Tonk, Satish Shah, Neelima Azim When the duplicitous Rajiv expresses his love for Payal, a cruel lie kicks off a story of self-discovery and unexpected romance. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Ishqiya","tags":" Abhishek Chaubey Naseeruddin Shah, Vidya Balan, Arshad Warsi, Salman Shahid, Anupama Kumar A deceitful woman seduces two of her late husband\u2019s crooked friends into helping her hatch a nefarious kidnapping plot for a hefty ransom. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Jab We Met","tags":" Imtiaz Ali Shahid Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor, Tarun Arora, Dara Singh, Pavan Malhotra, Kamal Tiwari, Kiran Juneja, Divya Seth, Saumya Tandon Changing fortunes await a wealthy but dejected industrialist when he meets a spirited chatterbox on a train in this breezy Bollywood romantic comedy. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Mann","tags":" Indra Kumar Aamir Khan, Manisha Koirala, Sharmila Tagore, Dipti Bhatnagar, Dalip Tahil, Anil Kapoor A smooth talker falls for a music teacher aboard a cruise, but a cruel twist of fate hinders their plans to meet again months later. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Manorama Six Feet Under","tags":" Navdeep Singh Abhay Deol, Gul Panag, Raima Sen, Sarika, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Vinay Pathak, Yana Gupta, Jogi, Brijendra Kala, Nawazuddin Siddiqui A government employee and aspiring crime writer, who is under investigation for corruption, is asked by a politician's wife to spy on her husband. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Welcome","tags":" Anees Bazmee Akshay Kumar, Katrina Kaif, Nana Patekar, Anil Kapoor, Paresh Rawal, Mallika Sherawat, Feroz Khan, Ruslaan Mumtaz, Sunil Shetty, Malaika Arora, Asrani In this silly Bollywood farce, the brothers of a Mafia princess set out on a comical mission to marry their sister into a respectable family. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Whose Vote Counts, Explained","tags":"   The right to vote is at the foundation of America's democracy. But not every vote is created equal. How does the system work, and can it be fixed? documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Van Helsing","tags":"  Kelly Overton, Jonathan Scarfe, Christopher Heyerdahl, Paul Johansson, David Cubitt, Tim Guinee After three years in a coma, Vanessa awakens to a world ravaged by vampires. Now, she and a motley band of fellow survivors fight to stay alive. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"The Good Place","tags":"  Kristen Bell, Ted Danson, William Jackson Harper, Jameela Jamil, D'Arcy Carden, Manny Jacinto Due to an error, self-absorbed Eleanor Shellstrop arrives at the Good Place after her death. Determined to stay, she tries to become a better person. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Time Out","tags":" Rikhil Bahadur Chirag Malhotra, Pranay Pachauri, Kaamya Sharma, Riya Kothari, Aditya Jain, Shiva Dawar, Sanya Arora, Tarana Marwah, Raunaq Chopra, Vedabrata Rao Raised in the privileged bubble of Delhi's elite, a teen is compelled to question his outlook on life and love when his older brother comes out as gay. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"A Perfect Crime","tags":"   This docuseries investigates the 1991 killing of politician Detlev Rohwedder, an unsolved mystery at the heart of Germany's tumultuous reunification. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Sneakerheads","tags":"  Allen Maldonado, Andrew Bachelor, Jearnest Corchado, Matthew Josten, Yaani King Mondschein, Justin Lee, Aja Evans Family man Devin falls back into his sneaker obsession after his pal Bobby talks him into a wheeling-dealing scheme to score a mythical pair of kicks. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The School Nurse Files","tags":"  Jung Yu-mi, Nam Joo-hyuk Wielding a light-up sword through the dark corners of a high school, a nurse with an unusual gift protects students from monsters only she can see. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Real Steel","tags":" Shawn Levy Hugh Jackman, Dakota Goyo, Evangeline Lilly, Anthony Mackie, Kevin Durand, Hope Davis, James Rebhorn, Karl Yune, Olga Fonda, John Gatins A struggling fighter-turned-promoter reconnects with his estranged son to convert an old-generation robot into a mighty World Robot Boxing contender. action,fantasy,sportsaction,fantasy,sports"},{"title":"The Chef Show","tags":"  Jon Favreau, Roy Choi Writer, director and food enthusiast Jon Favreau and chef Roy Choi explore food in and out of the kitchen with accomplished chefs and celebrity friends. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Enola Holmes","tags":" Harry Bradbeer Millie Bobby Brown, Henry Cavill, Sam Claflin, Helena Bonham Carter, Louis Partridge, Burn Gorman, Adeel Akhtar, Susan Wokoma, Frances de la Tour, Fiona Shaw While searching for her missing mother, intrepid teen Enola Holmes uses her sleuthing skills to outsmart big brother Sherlock and help a runaway lord. action,family,dramaaction,family,drama"},{"title":"Kiss the Ground","tags":" Joshua Tickell, Rebecca Harrell Tickell Woody Harrelson Science experts and celebrity activists unpack the ways in which the earth's soil may be the key to combating climate change and preserving the planet. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Playbook","tags":"   Coaches with championship r\u00e9sum\u00e9s share their personal rules for success in sports and life in this reflective and inspiring documentary series. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"A Love Song for Latasha","tags":" Sophia Nahli Allison  The killing of Latasha Harlins became a flashpoint for the 1992 LA uprising. This documentary evocatively explores the 15-year-old's life and dreams. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"DTC Yukemuri Junjo Hen From High & Low","tags":" Norihisa Hiranuma Kenjiro Yamashita, Kanta Sato, Taiki Sato, Masayasu Yagi, Kousei Amano, Miu Arai, Taro Suruga, Yuko Fueki, Tomoki Hirose, Ryo Matsuda, Masaru Mizuno, Shunsuke Tanaka, Fumihiko Tachiki, Eri Murakawa, Katsuya Kobayashi Dan, Tettsu and Chiharu leave the battles of the SWORD district behind for a carefree road trip adventure and end up working in a hot spring resort. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"High & Low The Movie","tags":" Shigeaki Kubo Takanori Iwata, Akira, Sho Aoyagi, Hiroomi Tosaka, Takahiro, Yuki Yamada, Masataka Kubota, Kento Hayashi, Keiji Kuroki, Goki Maeda, Elly, Kenchi Tachibana, Tatsuya Nakamura, Kosuke Toyohara, Arata Iura, Kyoko Koizumi The five rival gangs ruling the SWORD district unite to face off against a 500-member strong attack led by a legendary gang leader. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"High & Low The Movie 2 \/ End of Sky","tags":" Shigeaki Kubo, Tsuyoshi Nakakuki Takanori Iwata, Keiji Kuroki, Aoi Nakamura, Yuki Yamada, Masataka Kubota, Kento Hayashi, Naoto, Akira, Sho Aoyagi, Takahiro, Hiroomi Tosaka, Nobuyuki Suzuki, Keita Machida, Elly, Mandy Sekiguchi, Reo Sano, Masahiko Tsugawa The peaceful truce in the SWORD district is violently disrupted by the intrusion of two brutal gangs, causing loyalties and rivalries to erupt. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"High & Low The Movie 3 \/ Final Mission","tags":" Shigeaki Kubo, Tsuyoshi Nakakuki Takanori Iwata, Akira, Masataka Kubota, Takahiro, Hiroomi Tosaka, Sho Aoyagi, Reo Sano, Koichi Iwaki, Goro Kishitani, Masahiko Tsugawa, Keiji Kuroki, Yuki Yamada, Kento Hayashi, Naoto, Elly, Mandy Sekiguchi The Kuryu Group makes it their mission to takeover the SWORD district once and for all, but the street gang alliance has a plan of their own. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"High & Low The Red Rain","tags":" Yudai Yamaguchi Takahiro, Hiroomi Tosaka, Takumi Saitoh, Miyu Yoshimoto, Ken Ishiguro, Takanori Iwata, Naoko Iijima, Koichi Iwaki, Nobuyuki Suzuki, Keita Machida, Kenjiro Yamashita, Kanta Sato, Taiki Sato, Noemi Nakai, Tatsuya Nakamura, Taichi Saotome As the two younger Amamiya boys search for their missing big brother, they uncover the truth about the tragedy that befell their family years ago. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Road To High & Low","tags":" Shigeaki Kubo Takanori Iwata, Nobuyuki Suzuki, Keita Machida, Akira, Sho Aoyagi, Keiji Kuroki, Yuki Yamada, Masataka Kubota, Kento Hayashi, Kenjiro Yamashita, Kanta Sato, Taiki Sato, Takahiro, Hiroomi Tosaka, Tatsuya Nakamura, Arata Iura Three inseparable friends are torn when one of them becomes a member of a predatory criminal syndicate threatening to overpower his old friends' gang. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"The Blue Elephant 2","tags":" Marwan Hamed Karim Abdel Aziz, Nelly Karim, Hend Sabry, Shereen Reda, Khaled El Sawy, Eyad Nassar, Tara Emad, Amgad Elsharqawy When a former criminal psychiatrist discovers that a patient holds a secret that threatens his family, he must resort to extreme measures to save them. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Bhaji In Problem","tags":" Smeep Kang Gippy Grewal, Gurpreet Guggi, Ragini Khanna, Om Puri, B.N. Sharma, Avtar Gill, Karamjit Anmol, Rana Jung Bahadur Married to two women \u2013 each unaware of the other \u2013 a man finds his double life threatened when an old friend who knows his not-so-little secret arrives. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Black","tags":" Raja Chanda Soham Chakraborty, Bidya Sinha Mim, Ashish Vidyarthi, Rajatabha Dutta, Rudranil Ghosh, Kharaj Mukherjee A small-town man takes on a dangerous gangster to avenge his father, a police officer who ended his own life after being framed in a deadly crime. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster Returns","tags":" Tigmanshu Dhulia Irrfan Khan, Jimmy Shergill, Soha Ali Khan, Mahie Gill, Raj Babbar, Deep Raj Rana, Rajiv Gupta, Sitaram Panchal, Rajesh Khera, Mugdha Godse Knotty love triangles and nefarious schemes arise when a nobleman\u2019s plans to remarry fall into the cunning hands of his first wife and a vengeful rival. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Santa Banta Pvt Ltd","tags":" Akashdeep Boman Irani, Vir Das, Neha Dhupia, Lisa Haydon, Ram Kapoor, Johny Lever, Vijay Raaz, Tinnu Anand, Sanjay Mishra, Ayub Khan Passed off as spies, two inept pals are sent to Fiji to rescue a kidnapped bureaucrat. Soon enough, they\u2019re creating more problems than they\u2019re solving. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Royal Bengal Tiger","tags":" Rajesh Ganguly Jeet, Abir Chatterjee, Priyanka Sarkar, Shradha Das, Kharaj Mukherjee, Shantilal Mukherjee, Barun Chanda, Deb Ranajan Nag, Rajesh Sharma Knocked down by life one too many times, a meek family man drastically transforms from shy to savage after an encounter with a mysterious friend. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Dolly Kitty Aur Woh Chamakte Sitare","tags":" Alankrita Shrivastava Bhumi Pednekar, Konkona Sen Sharma, Vikrant Massey, Amol Parashar, Aamir Bashir, Karan Kundra, Kalp Shah, Hearty Singh, Neelima Azim, Kubbra Sait A disillusioned Delhi wife and her new-in-town cousin navigate damning secrets, dreams and their thorny dynamic on their respective roads to freedom. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Ratched","tags":"  Sarah Paulson, Finn Wittrock, Judy Davis, Sharon Stone, Cynthia Nixon, Jon Jon Briones, Charlie Carver In 1947, Mildred Ratched begins working as a nurse at a leading psychiatric hospital. But beneath her stylish exterior lurks a growing darkness. drama,suspense,suspensedrama,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"The American Barbecue Showdown","tags":"  Lyric Lewis, Rutledge Wood Eight of the country's best backyard smokers and pitmasters vie for the title of American Barbecue Champion in a fierce but friendly faceoff. showshow"},{"title":"The Blacklist","tags":"  James Spader, Megan Boone, Diego Klattenhoff, Ryan Eggold, Harry Lennix, Amir Arison, Hisham Tawfiq, Mozhan Marn\u00f2 After turning himself in, a brilliant fugitive offers to help the FBI bag other baddies, but only if rookie profiler Elizabeth Keen is his partner. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Whipped","tags":" Chandra Liow Andovi da Lopez, Jovial da Lopez, Chandra Liow, Tommy Limmm, Susan Sameh, Widika Sidmore, Kezia Aletheia, Karina Salim Four buddies attend a class taught by a love guru who leads them to question their romantic attachments \u2014 until her hidden agenda comes to light. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Anaamika","tags":" Sekhar Kammula Nayantara, Vaibhav Reddy, Pasupathy, Harshvardhan Rane, Thagubothu Ramesh, Vinay Varma, Dheer Charan Srivastav, D. Narsingh Rao As a woman scours Hyderabad for her missing husband, she becomes entangled in a conspiracy that suggests there\u2019s more to the mystery than meets the eye. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"GIMS: On the Record","tags":" Florent Bodin Ma\u00eetre Gims Go backstage with beloved rap superstar Gims in the year leading up to his major 2019 Stade de France performance in this up-close documentary. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Horrid Henry's Gross Day Out","tags":" Gary Andrews Lizzie Waterworth-Santo, Emma Tate, Sue Elliot Nicholls, Tamsin Heatley, Wayne Forester, Aidan Cook, Philip Pope Worlds collide when Henry makes plans to spend Saturday on the sofa watching a \"Gross Class Zero\" marathon \u2014 and his favorite characters come to life! family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Residue","tags":" Merawi Gerima Obinna Nwachukwu, Dennis Lindsey, Taline Stewart, Derron Scott, Jamal Graham, JaCari Dye, Julian Selman, Melody Tally, Ramon Thompson, Hasinatu Camara A young screenwriter returns to his hometown to write a script based on his childhood and discovers his neighborhood has been gentrified. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Last Word","tags":"  Anke Engelke, Thorsten Merten, Nina Gummich, Johannes Zeiler, Juri Winkler, Gudrun Ritter, Aaron Hilmer, Claudia Geisler-Bading Suddenly a widow, a woman rekindles her thirst for life by becoming a eulogist while navigating the existential landscape of death, grief and love. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Baby","tags":"  Benedetta Porcaroli, Alice Pagani, Riccardo Mandolini, Chabeli Sastre Gonzalez, Brando Pacitto, Lorenzo Zurzolo, Claudia Pandolfi, Galatea Ranzi Fed up with their families and classmates, two teen girls from a wealthy part of Rome are drawn to the city's underworld and start leading double lives. foregin,drama,showforegin,drama,show"},{"title":"Challenger","tags":"   Engineers, officials and the crew members' families provide their perspective on the 1986 Space Shuttle Challenger disaster and its aftermath. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Criminal: UK","tags":"  Katherine Kelly, Lee Ingleby, Mark Stanley, Rochenda Sandall, Shubham Saraf, Nicholas Pinnock, David Tennant, Hayley Atwell, Youssef Kerkour, Clare-Hope Ashitey, Isabella Laughland Within the walls of an interrogation room and with time running out, London investigators go after three suspects, each accused of a grievous crime. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Signs","tags":"  Andrzej Konopka, Helena Sujecka, Piotr Trojan, Micha\u0142 Czernecki, Mariusz Ostrowski, Robert Gulaczyk, Miros\u0142aw Kropielnicki, Helena Englert, Paulina Ga\u0142\u0105zka, Magdalena \u0179ak When a young woman's murder shows similarities to a decade-old cold case, a new police commander must break the silence permeating an Owl Mountain town. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Sing On!","tags":"  Tituss Burgess In this fun, fast-paced music contest hosted by Tituss Burgess, players sing their hearts out and try to hit the right notes to win up to $60,000. showshow"},{"title":"The Devil All The Time","tags":" Antonio Campos Tom Holland, Bill Skarsg\u00e5rd, Riley Keough, Robert Pattinson, Mia Wasikowska, Jason Clarke, Sebastian Stan, Haley Bennett, Harry Melling, Eliza Scanlen Sinister characters converge around a young man devoted to protecting those he loves in a postwar backwoods town teeming with corruption and brutality. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Paramedic","tags":" Carles Torras Mario Casas, D\u00e9borah Fran\u00e7ois, Guillermo Pfening, Mar\u00eda Rodr\u00edguez Soto, Celso Bugallo, Ra\u00fal Jim\u00e9nez, Pol Monen, Alice Bocchi, Mart\u00edn Bacigalupo Unable to face his new reality in a wheelchair, \u00c1ngel develops a deadly obsession with the woman who left him and unleashes a sinister revenge plot. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Take","tags":" James Watkins Idris Elba, Richard Madden, Charlotte Le Bon, Kelly Reilly, Jos\u00e9 Garcia, Vincent Londez, Arieh Worthalter, Mohamed Makhtoumi, Th\u00e9o Costa-Marini, J\u00e9r\u00f4me Gaspard After a mix-up lands him in hot water, a skilled pickpocket is forced to help a no-nonsense CIA operative track a terrorist group in Paris. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Call the Midwife","tags":" Philippa Lowthorpe Vanessa Redgrave, Bryony Hannah, Helen George, Jenny Agutter, Pam Ferris, Laura Main, Judy Parfitt, Cliff Parisi, Stephen McGann, Ben Caplan, Miranda Hart, Jessica Raine, Max Macmillan, Victoria Yeates, Jack Ashton, Emerald Fennell, Linda Bassett This period drama set in impoverished East London in the 1950s follows a newly qualified midwife and her colleagues at a nursing convent. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Hope Frozen: A Quest to Live Twice","tags":" Pailin Wedel  A Thai scientist and his family decide to cryonically freeze their cherished, dying toddler. This heartfelt documentary follows their journey. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Michael McIntyre: Showman","tags":" Chris Howe Michael McIntyre Charming comic Michael McIntyre talks family, technology, sharks, accents and the time he confused himself for a world leader in this stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Raising Victor Vargas","tags":" Peter Sollett Victor Rasuk, Judy Marte, Melonie Diaz, Altagracia Guzman, Silvestre Rasuk, Krystal Rodriguez, Kevin Rivera, Wilfree Vasquez, Donna Maldonado A suave teen sets his sights on a girl who seems beyond his reach. But his game can't be confined to his tiny apartment and family's old-school values. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Taco Chronicles","tags":"   Many of the most popular taco styles have long, rich, little-known histories. Explore some of them in this eye-opening, mouth-watering food adventure. documental,foregin,showdocumental,foregin,show"},{"title":"The Smurfs 2","tags":" Raja Gosnell Neil Patrick Harris, Brendan Gleeson, Jayma Mays, Hank Azaria, Katy Perry, Christina Ricci, Jonathan Winters, J.B. Smoove, George Lopez, Anton Yelchin, Fred Armisen, Jacob Tremblay, Alan Cumming Evil magician Gargamel continues his quest to tap the power of the Smurfs, creating a pair of his own \"Smurf-alikes\" called the Naughties. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Lara and the Beat","tags":" Tosin Coker Seyi Shay, Somkele Iyamah, Vector, Chioma Chukwuka Akpotha, Uche Jumbo, Sharon Ooja, Shaffy Bello, Saidi Balogun, Kemi Lala Akindoju, Ademola Adedoyin When their glamorous, fast-paced lifestyle comes to a screeching halt, two sisters try to rebuild their fortunes through music and enterprise. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Buddi","tags":"  Greta Jameson, Ralf Jameson, Clementine Laikin, Felix Laikin The Buddis bounce, spin, glide \u2014 and giggle! \u2014 through their magical world, learning new things and sharing the joy of friendship. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Dad Wanted","tags":" Javier Colinas Natalia Coronado, Juan Pablo Medina, Silvia Navarro, Roberto Quijano, Victoria Viera, Arantxa Serv\u00edn, Aleyda Gallardo, Joaqu\u00edn Emanuel, Abril Michel, Omar Fierro, Luis Ernesto Franco, Patricia Reyes Sp\u00edndola, Rodrigo Murray, Luis Arrieta, Alberto Guerra, Mois\u00e9s Arizmendi, David Fridman, Martha Claudia Moreno, Ela Velden, Gonzalo Garc\u00eda Vivanco, Mauricio Arg\u00fcelles, C\u00e9sar Rodr\u00edguez What does a thrill-seeker tween girl do when her mom forbids her to enter a BMX race? Cast an actor with nothing to lose to play her approving dad. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Family Business","tags":"  Jonathan Cohen, G\u00e9rard Darmon, Julia Piaton, Liliane Rov\u00e8re, Olivier Rosemberg, Ali Marhyar, Lina El Arabi, Louise Coldefy, Enrico Macias, Val\u00e9rie Damidot After learning France is about to legalize pot, a down-on-his-luck entrepreneur and his family race to turn their butcher shop into a marijuana caf\u00e9. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Girlfriends","tags":"  Tracee Ellis Ross, Golden Brooks, Persia White, Jill Marie Jones, Reginald C. Hayes Four close friends in Los Angeles challenge and support each other through life's triumphs and disasters. Sophisticated, relatable and always funny. comedycomedy"},{"title":"How to Train Your Dragon 2","tags":" Dean DeBlois Jay Baruchel, Cate Blanchett, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, T.J. Miller, Kristen Wiig, Djimon Hounsou, Kit Harington Hiccup, Toothless and a mysterious dragon rider join forces to protect the island of Berk from a power-hungry warrior with a dragon army of his own. familyfamily"},{"title":"Pets United","tags":" Reinhard Klooss Patrick Roche, Natalie Dormer, Eddie Marsan, Felix Auer, Jeff Burrell, Harvey Friedman, Marty Sander, Ian Odle, Bryan Larkin A street-smart dog and a pampered cat join forces to lead a pack of unlikely heroes when their city is seized by its evil mayor \u2014 and his robot army. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Barrier","tags":"  Unax Ugalde, Olivia Molina, Eleonora Wexler, Abel Folk, \u00c1ngela Molina, Manu Fullola, Daniel Ib\u00e1\u00f1ez, Laura Quir\u00f3s, Nicol\u00e1s Illoro, Bel\u00e9n \u00c9cija, Juan Blanco, Yaima Ramos One family\u2019s fight for survival in a future dystopian Madrid illustrates the disparity between two worlds separated by a fence \u2014 and so much more. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Duchess","tags":"  Katherine Ryan, Rory Keenan, Katy Byrne, Doon Mackichan, Steen Raskopoulos, Michelle de Swarte, Sophie Fletcher Katherine's a single mom juggling her career, her tween daughter, her relationship with her boyfriend \u2014 and pondering getting pregnant with her ex. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Aapla Manus","tags":" Satish Rajwade Nana Patekar, Sumeet Raghvan, Iravati Harshe, Aashish Kulkarni, Savita Malpekar When a man falls from his balcony, an investigator questions the victim\u2019s family, determined to uncover a darker truth behind the alleged accident. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Ani... Dr. Kashinath Ghanekar","tags":" Abhijeet Deshpande Subodh Bhave, Vaidehi Parshurami, Nandita Patkar, Sonali Kulkarni, Sumeet Raghvan, Prasad Oak, Anand Ingale, Suhas Palshikar From his singular career to his personal demons, this biopic chronicles the short yet prolific life of the Marathi dentist-turned-superstar. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Bhai: Vyakti Ki Valli - Poorvardha","tags":" Mahesh Manjrekar Sagar Deshmukh, Vijay Kenkre, Iravati Harshe, Shubhangi Damle, Sachin Khedekar, Sunil Barve, Ashwini Giri, Rajan Bhise This first of a two-part biopic depicts the early years that lay the foundation for beloved Marathi writer and comedian P.L. Deshpande\u2019s iconic career. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Bhai: Vyakti Ki Valli - Uttarardh","tags":" Mahesh Manjrekar Sagar Deshmukh, Iravati Harshe, Vijay Kenkre, Shubhangi Damle, Ashwini Giri, Nina Kulkarni, Dalip Tahil, Girish Kulkarni The second installment of P.L. Deshpande\u2019s biopic explores the Marathi humorist\u2019s political journey, philanthropic endeavors and personal life. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Cycle","tags":" Prakash Kunte Hrishikesh Joshi, Bhalchandra Kadam, Priyadarshan Jadhav, Deepti Lele, Manoj Kolhatkar, Maithili Patwardhan When his prized bicycle is stolen, an astrologer\u2019s search turns into a journey of self-realization \u2014 while the thieves learn a few lessons of their own. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Dhh","tags":" Manish Saini Naseeruddin Shah, Kahaan, Kuldeep Sodha Convinced only a miracle can save them from failing school exams, a trio of friends seek help from a magician. To their surprise, he gamely complies. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Greenleaf","tags":"  Merle Dandridge, Kim Hawthorne, Desiree Ross, Lamman Rucker, Tye White, Lynn Whitfield, Deborah Joy Winans, Keith David, Lovie Simone, Gregory Alan Williams, Oprah Winfrey Although members of the Greenleaf family run a Memphis megachurch, their business and personal lives are tainted with greed, adultery and other sins. dramadrama"},{"title":"Julie and the Phantoms","tags":" Kenny Ortega Madison Reyes, Charlie Gillespie, Owen Patrick Joyner, Jeremy Shada, Jadah Marie, Sacha Carlson, Savannah Lee May, Cheyenne Jackson, Carlos Ponce, Booboo Stewart, Sonny Bustamante Julie lost her passion for music when she lost her mom. But when three ghostly guys appear and lift her spirits, they decide to start a band together! family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Kaagar","tags":" Makarand Mane Rinku Rajguru, Shubhankar Tawde, Shashank Shende, Suhas Palshikar, Bharati Patil, Milind Pathak, Umesh Jagtap, Shantanu Gangane, Vitthal Kale, Mahesh Bhosale When an activist begins aiding a shrewd political advisor \u2014 also his girlfriend\u2019s father, personal agendas lead to betrayal as love and duty clash. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Night of Knots","tags":" Hakan Alg\u00fcl \u015eahin Irmak, \u0130rem Sak, Gonca Vuslateri, Emre Karayel, Duygu Yeti\u015f, Onur Buldu, Salih Kalyon, Bilge \u015een, Nilg\u00fcn Belg\u00fcn, Hakan Ak\u0131n Two exes run into each other at a wedding hall and realize they still harbor romantic feelings. The one problem? They just got married to other people. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"PhotoCopy","tags":" Vijay Maurya Parna Pethe, Chetan Chitnis, Anshuman Joshi, Aashay Kulkarni, Vandana Gupte, Girish Oak Posing as her bubbly identical twin for a quiz contest, a shy student crushes on a fellow participant, who falls for her \u2014 thinking she\u2019s her sister. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Poshter Girl","tags":" Sameer Patil Sonalee Kulkarni, Hrishikesh Joshi, Jitendra Joshi, Aniket Vishwasrao, Hemant Dhome, Sandeep Pathak, Siddharth Menon, Akshay Tanksale, Vaibhav Mangale, Anand Ingale In a town infamous for female infanticide, a young woman\u2019s arrival has local bachelors vying for her hand in marriage \u2014 but she has a bigger agenda. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Satria Heroes: Revenge of the Darkness","tags":" Kenzo Maihara, Amandha Wyanto Christian Loho, Fernando Surya, Yayan Ruhian, Stella Cornelia, Yui Takano, Safira Ratu, Faris Fadjar Munggaran, Adhitya Alkatiri As he rebuilds society in a parallel universe, a superhero must return to Earth to help his equally powerful friend defend the planet from evil rivals. familyfamily"},{"title":"Son Of Adam","tags":" Ahmed Nader Galal Youssef El Sherif, Dina El-Sherbiny, Ahmad Rizq, Hana El Zahed, Mahmoud El Gendy, Bayyumi Fuad, Khaled Kamal, Mahmoud El-Bazzawy To escape conviction on criminal charges, a businessman agrees to aid a risky police mission, but his motives soon turn suspicious. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Babysitter: Killer Queen","tags":" McG Judah Lewis, Jenna Ortega, Emily Alyn Lind, Andrew Bachelor, Robbie Amell, Bella Thorne, Hana Mae Lee, Ken Marino, Leslie Bibb, Chris Wylde, Carl McDowell Two years after Cole survived a satanic blood cult, he's living another nightmare: high school. And the demons from his past? Still making his life hell. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"Cargo","tags":" Arati Kadav Vikrant Massey, Shweta Tripathi, Nandu Madhav, Konkona Sen Sharma, Biswapati Sarkar, Ritwik Bhaumik, Prabal Panjabi, Hansal Mehta Aboard a spaceship where souls of the deceased are readied for reincarnation, a lone crew member\u2019s rigid existence is disrupted by a spry new assistant. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Cuties","tags":" Ma\u00efmouna Doucour\u00e9 Fathia Youssouf, M\u00e9dina El Aidi-Azouni, Esther Gohourou, Ilanah Cami-Goursolas, Myriam Hamma, Ma\u00efmouna Gueye, Mbissine Th\u00e9r\u00e8se Diop, Demba Diaw, Mamadou Samak\u00e9 Eleven-year-old Amy starts to rebel against her conservative family\u2019s traditions when she becomes fascinated with a free-spirited dance crew. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Get Organized with The Home Edit","tags":"   Expert home organizers Clea and Joanna help celebrities and everyday clients edit, categorize and contain their clutter to create stunning spaces. showshow"},{"title":"La L\u00ednea: Shadow of Narco","tags":" Pepe Mora  A stone's throw from Africa, the Spanish beach town of La L\u00ednea is a drug smuggling hot spot. But the police and mayor are determined to change that. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"So Much Love to Give","tags":" Marcos Carnevale Adri\u00e1n Suar, Soledad Villamil, Gabriela Toscano, Alan Sabbagh, Dar\u00edo Barassi, Magela Zanotta, Betiana Blum Fernando is a family man \u2014 equally committed to each of his two families. But one wrong turn brings them crashing together. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Social Dilemma","tags":" Jeff Orlowski Skyler Gisondo, Kara Hayward, Vincent Kartheiser This documentary-drama hybrid explores the dangerous human impact of social networking, with tech experts sounding the alarm on their own creations. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"#Alive","tags":" Cho Il Yoo Ah-in, Park Shin-hye As a grisly virus rampages a city, a lone man stays locked inside his apartment, digitally cut off from seeking help and desperate to find a way out. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Record of Youth","tags":"  Park Bo-gum, Park So-dam, Byeon Woo-seok, Ha Hee-ra, Shin Ae-ra, Han Jin-hee, Shin Dong-mi, Lee Chang-hoon, Kwon Soo-hyun, Cho Yu-jung, Park Su-young, Seo Sang-won, Lee Jae-won Two actors and a makeup artist fight to make their own way in a world that weighs the backgrounds they were born into more than their dreams. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"My Octopus Teacher","tags":" Pippa Ehrlich, James Reed  A filmmaker forges an unusual friendship with an octopus living in a South African kelp forest, learning as the animal shares the mysteries of her world. family,documental,foreginfamily,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Toll Booth","tags":" Tolga Kara\u00e7elik B\u00fc\u015fra Pekin, Nur Aysan, Ruhi Sar\u0131, Nergis \u00d6zt\u00fcrk, Nadir Sar\u0131bacak, Serkan Ercan, Sermet Ye\u015fil, Enes Mazak, Zafer Diper A toll booth operator's mundane life is upended when he's reassigned to a remote spot, where he finds intriguing strangers \u2014 and a new side to himself. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Waiting for \"Superman\"","tags":" Davis Guggenheim  This dynamic documentary weaves together stories about students, educators and reformers to shed light on America's failing public school system. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Cleverman","tags":"  Hunter Page-Lochard, Rob Collins, Deborah Mailman, Ryan Corr, Stef Dawson, Iain Glen, Frances O'Connor, Tasma Walton, Tony Briggs In the near future, physically powerful beings known as \"Hairies\" struggle to survive in a segregated society dominated by hostile humans. drama,fantasy,suspensedrama,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Villain","tags":" Philip Barantini Craig Fairbrass, George Russo, Robert Glenister, Izuka Hoyle, Mark Monero, Tomi May, Eloise Lovell Anderson, Taz Skylar, Nicholas Aaron Fresh out of prison, an ex-con tries to save his debt-ridden brother and the family pub until local mobsters draw him back to a criminal underworld. dramadrama"},{"title":"Away","tags":"  Hilary Swank, Josh Charles, Vivian Wu, Mark Ivanir, Ato Essandoh, Ray Panthaki, Talitha Eliana Bateman Commander Emma Green leaves behind her husband and daughter to lead an international crew of astronauts on a perilous three-year mission to Mars. romance,drama,fantasyromance,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"I'm Thinking of Ending Things","tags":" Charlie Kaufman Jessie Buckley, Jesse Plemons, Toni Collette, David Thewlis, Guy Boyd Nothing is as it seems when a woman experiencing misgivings about her new boyfriend joins him on a road trip to meet his parents at their remote farm. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Kandasamys: The Wedding","tags":" Jayan Moodley Jailoshini Naidoo, Maeshni Naicker, Madhushan Singh, Mishqah Parthiephal, Yugan Naidoo, Koobeshan Naidoo, Mariam Bassa, Rushil Juglall, Tesarnia Oree With their clashing demands, the mothers of both bride and groom turn wedding prep into comical chaos in this sequel to \u201cKeeping Up With the Kandasamys.\u201d comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Spirit Riding Free: Riding Academy","tags":"  Amber Frank, Bailey Gambertoglio, Sydney Park, Darcy Rose Byrnes, Rhys Darby A new chapter begins for Lucky and her friends as they leave Miradero behind to live and learn at the prestigious Palomino Bluffs Riding Academy. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Lost Okoroshi","tags":" Abba T. Makama Seun Ajayi, Judith Audu, Tope Tedela, Ifu Ennada, Chiwetalu Agu, Demi Banwo, Ibrahim Jammal, Micheal Ajotubu, Ozzy Agu, Cristabel Goddy A disillusioned security guard transforms into a masquerade, channeling ancestral spirits as he roams the streets of Lagos. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"You're My Boss","tags":" Antoinette Jadaone Toni Gonzaga, Coco Martin, Freddie Webb, JM de Guzman, Gloria Sevilla, Noel Trinidad, Adam Chan, Pepe Herrera, Jerald Napoles Pong, a corporate assistant, poses as his company\u2019s president in order to help Georgina, a marketing executive, close a crucial business deal. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Afonso Padilha: Classless","tags":" Junior Carelli, Rudge Campos Afonso Padilha Brazilian comedian Afonso Padilha dives into his humble beginnings and digs out hilarious stories about his childhood in this very personal set. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ave Maryam","tags":" Ertanto Robby Soediskam Maudy Koesnaedi, Chicco Jerikho, Tutie Kirana, Olga Lydia, Joko Anwar, Nathania Angela Widjaja, Sendy Febrina, Suhartini, Atie Krisnawati, Ratnawati Sutandar, Ninik Winarni Utomo A devoted nun who cares for her elder sisters must choose between upholding her vows or pursuing her forbidden feelings for a fascinating pastor. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Love, Guaranteed","tags":" Mark Steven Johnson Rachael Leigh Cook, Damon Wayans Jr., Heather Graham, Caitlin Howden, Brendan Taylor, Sebastian Billingsley-Rodriguez, Sean Amsing, Lisa Durupt, Alvin Sanders, Jed Rees, Kandyse McClure Sparks fly when a crusading but cash-strapped attorney takes on a charming client looking to sue a dating site that guarantees its users will find love. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Young Wallander","tags":"  Adam P\u00e5lsson, Richard Dillane, Leanne Best, Ellise Chappell An incendiary hate crime stirs civil unrest, fast-tracking rookie cop Kurt Wallander to detective in this origin story for the popular character. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Chef's Table: BBQ","tags":"   The Emmy-nominated series delves into the juicy, smoky world of barbecue, visiting acclaimed chefs and pitmasters in the US, Australia and Mexico. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"Freaks \u2013 You're One of Us","tags":" Felix Binder Cornelia Gr\u00f6schel, Tim Oliver Schultz, Wotan Wilke M\u00f6hring, Nina Kunzendorf, Frederic Linkemann, Finnlay Berger, Gisa Flake, Ralph Herforth, Thelma Buabeng Tipped by a mysterious tramp, a meek fry cook discovers she has superpowers \u2014 and kindred spirits \u2014 and uncovers an unsavory, widespread conspiracy. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Hotel for Dogs","tags":" Thor Freudenthal Emma Roberts, Jake T. Austin, Kyla Pratt, Lisa Kudrow, Kevin Dillon, Don Cheadle, Johnny Simmons, Troy Gentile, Eric Edelstein, Robinne Lee, Ajay Naidu Placed in a foster home that doesn't allow pets, 16-year-old Andi and her younger brother Bruce turn an abandoned hotel into a home for their dog. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Sky Tour: The Movie","tags":" Nguyen Thanh Tung Son Tung M-TP From the preparations to the performances, this documentary showcases Vietnamese pop idol S\u01a1n T\u00f9ng M-TP and the passion behind his Sky Tour concerts. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Adrift","tags":" Baltasar Korm\u00e1kur Shailene Woodley, Sam Claflin, Jeffrey Thomas, Elizabeth Hawthorne A young couple\u2019s sailing adventure becomes a fight to survive when their yacht faces a catastrophic hurricane in this story based on true events. action,drama,romanceaction,drama,romance"},{"title":"Always Be My Maybe","tags":" Dan Villegas Gerald Anderson, Arci Mu\u00f1oz, Cacai Bautista, Ricci Chan, Tirso Cruz III, Carlo Aquino, Matt Evans, Ahron Villena, Victor Silayan, TJ Trinidad After being unexpectedly dumped by their respective lovers, a man and a woman have a chance meeting at a resort and embark on a unique relationship. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Barbie Princess Adventure","tags":" Conrad Helten America Young, Erica Lindbeck, Ritesh Rajan, Dave Fennoy, Stephanie Sheh, Cristina Milizia, Desirae Whitfield, Emma Galvin, Angelo Restaino, Eamon Brennan, Ogie Banks Through music and magic, Barbie learns what it's like to be a modern princess when she trades places with a royal lookalike. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Blue Exorcist","tags":"  Nobuhiko Okamoto, Jun Fukuyama, Kana Hanazawa, Kazuya Nakai, Koji Yusa, Yuki Kaji, Eri Kitamura, Ayahi Takagaki, Rina Satou, Daisuke Ono, Ryotaro Okiayu, Tetsuya Kakihara, Hiroshi Kamiya, Keiji Fujiwara, Hiroaki Hirata, Jin Urayama, Katsuyuki Konishi, Kisho Taniyama, M\u30fbA\u30fbO, Kazuhiro Yamaji, Hideyuki Tanaka, Masaki Terasoma, Naomi Shindo Determined to throw off the curse of being Satan's illegitimate son, Rin enters the True Cross Academy to become an exorcist, just like his mentor. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Bookmarks","tags":"  Marley Dias Celebrity readers share children's books by Black authors to spark kid-friendly conversations about empathy, equality, self-love and antiracism. familyfamily"},{"title":"Borgen","tags":"  Sidse Babett Knudsen, Birgitte Hjort S\u00f8rensen, Pilou Asb\u00e6k, Emil Poulsen, Freja Riemann, S\u00f8ren Malling, Thomas Levin, Benedikte Hansen, Mikael Birkkj\u00e6r, Anders Juul, Lisbeth Wulff, Kasper Lange, Lars Knutzon, S\u00f8ren Spanning, Christoph Bastrup, Morten Kirkskov, Bjarne Henriksen, Peter Mygind, Ole Thestrup, Iben Dorner, Dar Salim, Jens Albinus, Christian Tafdrup, Alastair Mackenzie, Julie Agnete Vang, Kristian Halken, Ricard Lawrence, Marie Askehave, Rikke Lylloff, Mille Dinesen, Anne Sofie Espersen A shocking turn of events puts Birgitte Nyborg in the Danish prime minister's seat as her country's first female leader in this landmark drama. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Children of the Sea","tags":" Ayumu Watanabe Mana Ashida, Hiiro Ishibashi, Seishu Uragami, Win Morisaki, Goro Inagaki, Yu Aoi, Toru Watanabe, Min Tanaka, Sumiko Fuji Ruka spends her summer at the aquarium, where she\u2019s drawn into an enigmatic aquatic event alongside two mysterious boys raised in the ocean. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Erased","tags":"  Tao Tsuchiya, Shinnosuke Mitsushima, Aoi Yuki, Chinatsu Akasaki, Yo Taichi, Akari Kito, Ayaka Nanase, Yukitoshi Kikuchi, Takahiro Mizushima, Minami Takayama, Mitsuru Miyamoto Satoru Fujinuma can travel back in time to save others' lives. When he wakes up 18 years in the past, he has a chance to save his murdered classmates. anime,foregin,suspenseanime,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Fate\/Grand Order -First Order-","tags":" Hitoshi Namba Nobunaga Shimazaki, Rie Takahashi, Ayako Kawasumi, Madoka Yonezawa, Kenichi Suzumura, Tomokazu Sugita Discovering that humanity is facing extinction, a new recruit to the Chaldea Security Organization goes back in time in order to save the future. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Felipe Esparza: Bad Decisions","tags":"  Felipe Esparza Two live performances, one in English and one in Spanish. No matter the language, Felipe Esparza is muy muy. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"H","tags":"  Jamel Debbouze, \u00c9ric Judor, Ramzy Bedia, Catherine Benguigui, Sophie Mounicot, Jean-Luc Bideau At a dysfunctional hospital in Paris, three bumbling, eccentric medical employees embark on zany misadventures with surgical imprecision. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Heidi","tags":"  Monique Hore, Sophia Morrison, Peter McAllum, Nicole Shostak, Jamie Croft, Beth Armstrong, Kate Fitzpatrick, Penny Cook, Charlotte Hamlyn, Tess Meyer A plucky young orphan sent to live with her grandfather in the mountains discovers wonder and adventure around every corner. familyfamily"},{"title":"Puss in Boots","tags":" Chris Miller Antonio Banderas, Salma Hayek, Zach Galifianakis, Billy Bob Thornton, Amy Sedaris, Constance Marie, Guillermo del Toro, Mike Mitchell The fabled feline heads to the Land of Giants with friends Humpty Dumpty and Kitty Softpaws on a quest to nab its greatest treasure: the Golden Goose. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Sex Drive","tags":" Sean Anders Josh Zuckerman, Amanda Crew, Clark Duke, Seth Green, James Marsden, Michael Cudlitz, Dave Sheridan, Alice Greczyn, Katrina Bowden, Charlie McDermott, Mark L. Young Eager to hook up with a woman he met online, 18-year-old Ian embarks on an epic road trip that speeds straight toward trouble in this raunchy comedy. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Sister, Sister","tags":"  Tia Mowry-Hardrict, Jack\u00e9e Harry, Tamera Mowry-Housley, Tim Reid, Marques Houston, RonReaco Lee, Deon Richmond Separated at birth, twin sisters Tia Landry and Tamera Campbell reunite after 14 years and soon move in together, blending families and personalities. comedy,showcomedy,show"},{"title":"Soldier","tags":" Abbas Mustan Rakhee Gulzar, Bobby Deol, Preity Zinta On the run from Indian police, a mysterious man escapes to Australia and falls in love with the daughter of an Indian criminal who lives there. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Take the Ball, Pass the Ball","tags":" Duncan McMath Thierry Henry, Michael Carnick, Javier Mascherano, Fabio Capello, Jordi Cruyff, Andr\u00e9s Iniesta, Xavi Hern\u00e1ndez, Lionel Messi, Victor Valdes, Leo Messi Through firsthand accounts and analysis, this football documentary details the dominance of FC Barcelona from 2008-2012 under manager Pep Guardiola. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"The Boss Baby: Get That Baby!","tags":" Dan Forgione, Pete Jacobs, Matt Whitlock JP Karliak, Pierce Gagnon, Alex Cazares, Kevin Michael Richardson, Flula Borg, Rhys Darby, Wendie Malick, Jake Green Think you've got what it takes to be the boss? This interactive special puts your skills to the test and matches you up with one of 16 jobs at Baby Corp. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Match","tags":" Francesco Carnesecchi Francesco Pannofino, Alberto Di Stasio, Gabriele Fiore, Giorgio Colangeli, Fabrizio Sabatucci, Veruska Rossi, Giulia Cragnotti, Siria Simeoni, Lidia Vitale, Daniele Mariani One football match on a dirt pitch near Rome becomes a day of reckoning as a young player, his coach and their team's owner wrestle internal demons. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"The Promised Neverland","tags":"  Sumire Morohoshi, Maaya Uchida, Mariya Ise, Yuhko Kaida, Nao Fujita, Shinei Ueki, Lynn, Hiyori Kono, Shizuka Ishigami, Ai Kayano, Mari Hino, Yuko Mori, Ari Ozawa When three gifted kids learn that their isolated orphanage isn\u2019t the haven they thought, they vow to lead the other children in a risky escape plan. anime,foregin,suspenseanime,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Smurfs","tags":" Raja Gosnell Hank Azaria, Neil Patrick Harris, Jayma Mays, Sof\u00eda Vergara, Tim Gunn, Jonathan Winters, Katy Perry, Alan Cumming, Fred Armisen, George Lopez, Anton Yelchin, Kenan Thompson, Jeff Foxworthy, John Oliver, Wolfgang Puck, B.J. Novak, Paul Reubens When evil Gargamel tries to capture them, the Smurfs flee their woodland home, pass through a magic portal and find themselves stranded in New York. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Thomas and Friends","tags":" Greg Tiernan Michael Angelis, Ben Small, Keith Wickham, Kerry Shale This animated children's series follows the adventures of Thomas, a cheerful blue tank engine who lives on the island of Sodor. foregin,classic,familyforegin,classic,family"},{"title":"True: Friendship Day","tags":" Mark Thornton, Todd Kauffman Michela Luci, Jamie Watson, Eric Peterson, Anna Claire Bartlam, Nicolas Aqui, Cory Doran, Julie Lemieux, Derek McGrath When a giant Grippity-Grab snags Grizelda\u2019s friendship bracelet and turns her into a mermaid, True heads under the sea with magic wishes to save the day. familyfamily"},{"title":"Maniyarayile Ashokan","tags":" Shamzu Zayba Jacob Gregory, S.V. Krishna Shankar, Shine Tom Chacko, Vijayaraghavan, Sri Lakshmi, Anupama Parameswaran, Dulquer Salmaan, Nazriya Fahad When his unlucky horoscope doesn\u2019t bode well for his future wife, an earnest bachelor goes to surprising lengths to get the family he\u2019s always wanted. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Debt Collector 2","tags":" Jesse V. Johnson Scott Adkins, Louis Mandylor, Vladimir Kulich, Marina Sirtis, Ski Carr, Charity Collins, Mayling Ng, Josef Cannon, Jermaine Jacox, Vernon Wells French and Sue have two days to collect on three debts, using as much force as it takes \u2013 all while evading the wrath of a crime lord out for revenge. actionaction"},{"title":"All Together Now","tags":" Brett Haley Auli'i Cravalho, Justina Machado, Rhenzy Feliz, Fred Armisen, Carol Burnett, Judy Reyes, Taylor Richardson, C.S. Lee, Anthony Jacques An optimistic, talented teen clings to a huge secret: She's homeless and living on a bus. When tragedy strikes, can she learn to accept a helping hand? dramadrama"},{"title":"I AM A KILLER: RELEASED","tags":"   In this crime docuseries spinoff, a convict is paroled 30 years after being sentenced to death for murder. Then he makes a stunning confession. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"Masaba Masaba","tags":"  Masaba Gupta, Neena Gupta, Neil Bhoopalam, Rytasha Rathore, Smaran Sahu, Nayan Shukla, Pooja Bedi, Satyadeep Misra Real life mom-daughter duo Neena and Masaba Gupta play versions of themselves in this playful, fictional peek into their lives in fashion and film. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Santana","tags":" Chris Roland, Maradona Dias Dos Santos Paulo Americano, Raul Rosario, Rapulana Seiphemo, David O'Hara, Hakeem Kae-Kazim, Neide Vieira, Cigano Satyohamba, Nompilo Gwala Two brothers \u2014 one a narcotics agent and the other a general \u2014\u00a0finally discover the identity of the drug lord who murdered their parents decades ago. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Unknown Origins","tags":" David Gal\u00e1n Galindo Javier Rey, Ver\u00f3nica Echegui, Brays Efe, Antonio Resines, \u00c1lex Garc\u00eda, Carlos Areces, Ernesto Alterio, Leonardo Sbaraglia A very chiseled but somber detective must find a serial killer who leaves clues that only his mentor's nerdy comics-loving son can decipher. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Aggretsuko","tags":"  Kaolip, Komegumi Koiwasaki, Maki Tsuruta, Sohta Arai, Rina Inoue, Shingo Kato, Yuki Takahashi Frustrated with her thankless office job, Retsuko the Red Panda copes with her daily struggles by belting out death metal karaoke after work. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Edge of Seventeen","tags":" David Moreton Chris Stafford, Tina Holmes, Andersen Gabrych, Stephanie McVay, Lea DeLaria, John Eby, Antonio Carriero, Jason Lockhart A 17-year-old confronts confusion and heartbreak as he rediscovers his sexuality in this story about coming out and its social consequences. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Bridge Curse","tags":" Lester Hsi JC Lin, Vera Yen, Summer Meng, Ning Chang, Ruby Zhan, Hsieh Yi-hung, Cheng Ko A group of university students decides to test an urban legend about the ghost of a female student that haunts a campus bridge. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Young Messiah","tags":" Cyrus Nowrasteh Adam Greaves-Neal, Sara Lazzaro, Vincent Walsh, Sean Bean, Jonathan Bailey, Agni Scott Tormented by a demon and on the run from a Roman centurion, a 7-year-old Jesus and his parents, Mary and Joseph, flee Egypt for Nazareth. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"Her Mother's Killer","tags":"  Carolina G\u00f3mez, Marlon Moreno, George Slebi, Geraldine Zivic, Andrea G\u00f3mez, Mar\u00eda Cecilia Botero, Juliana Galvis, Edwin Maya, Alejandro Guti\u00e9rrez, Viviana Santos, Michelle Manterola, Juan Alfonso Baptista, Carolina Cuervo, Santiago Felipe Gomez, Matias Maldonado, Kristina Lilley, Mauricio Figueroa, Ana Wills, Juan Manuel Diaz, Ricardo Mejia, Orlando Valenzuela, Ana-Mar\u00eda S\u00e1nchez, Julieta Villar Nearly 30 years after her mom's murder, a political strategist launches a calculated plan to ruin the Colombian presidential candidate who killed her. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Lingua Franca","tags":" Isabel Sandoval Eamon Farren, Lev Gorn, PJ Boudousqu\u00e9, Lynn Cohen, Isabel Sandoval, Ivory Aquino, Andrea Leigh, Leif Steinert An undocumented trans woman seeking legal status in the US becomes romantically involved with the grandson of the elderly woman she cares for. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Making The Witcher","tags":" Nathan Wiley Henry Cavill, Anya Chalotra, Freya Allan, Eamon Farren, Mimi Ndiweni, Adam Levy, MyAnna Buring, Joey Batey, Lauren Schmidt Hissrich, Tomasz Bagi\u0144ski, Andrew Laws, Sneha Koorse, Declan De Barra, Beau DeMayo, Simon Emanuel, Iv\u00e1n Poh\u00e1rnok, Tim Aslam, Charlotte Br\u00e4ndstr\u00f6m Journey into the extraordinary world of \"The Witcher\" \u2014 from casting the roles to Jaskier's catchy song \u2014 in this behind-the-scenes look at the series. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Million Dollar Beach House","tags":"   The competition is fierce \u2014 and the drama undeniable \u2014 as a group of young and hungry agents try to seal the deal on luxury listings in the Hamptons. showshow"},{"title":"Rising Phoenix","tags":"   Elite athletes and insiders reflect on the Paralympic Games and examine how they impact a global understanding of disability, diversity and excellence. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Emily's Wonder Lab","tags":"  Emily Callandrelli, Sky Alexis, Kennedi Butler, Arya Darbahani, Christopher Farrar, Alex Jayne Go, Jayden Langarcia, Makenzie Lee-Foster, Tenz McCall, Zaela Rae, Mason Wells Science-loving host Emily Calandrelli makes STEAM fun with activities, demonstrations and at-home experiments that'll make you think \u2014 and blow your mind! familyfamily"},{"title":"Trinkets","tags":"  Brianna Hildebrand, Kiana Madeira, Quintessa Swindell, Brandon Butler, Odiseas Georgiadis, Henry Zaga, Larry Sullivan, Larisa Oleynik A grieving teen finds an unexpected connection with two classmates at her new high school after they all land in the same Shoplifters Anonymous group. drama,showdrama,show"},{"title":"Septembers of Shiraz","tags":" Wayne Blair Adrien Brody, Salma Hayek, Shohreh Aghdashloo, Alon Aboutboul, Navid Navid, Ariana Molkara, Nasser Memarzia, Jamie Ward, Anthony Azizi, Liron Levo, Gabriella Wright In post-revolution Tehran, a wealthy Jewish businessman is summarily jailed and tortured, but along with his wife, he fights for answers and freedom. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Ojos in d' House","tags":"  'Najite Dede, Jude Chukwuka, Taiwo Arimoro, Odenike Odetola, Funmi Eko, Keppy Ekpenyong After a newly rich family moves into an upper-class neighborhood, they try to keep their matriarch's obsessive pursuit of social acceptance in check. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Class of '83","tags":" Atul Sabharwal Bobby Deol, Bhupendra Jadawat, Hitesh Bhojraj, Anup Soni, Joy Sengupta, Sameer Paranjape, Ninad Mahajani, Prithvik Pratap Demoted to an academy job, a cop trains five foolhardy students as assassins in his risky revenge plot against police corruption and the underworld. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Dark Forces","tags":" Bernardo Arellano Tenoch Huerta, Er\u00e9ndira Ibarra, Dale Carley, Ariane Pellicer, Johana Blendl, Dai Liparoti, Mauricio Aspe, Nick Zedd In search of his sister, a renegade criminal seeks answers at a sordid hotel where he encounters a sinister guest and romances a mysterious waitress. suspense,foregin,foreginsuspense,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Hoops","tags":"  Jake Johnson, Ron Funches, Cleo King, Natasha Leggero, A.D. Miles, Rob Riggle, Steve Berg, Eric Edelstein, Ben Hoffman, Mary Holland, Gil Ozeri, Sam Richardson, Nick Swardson A foul-mouthed high school basketball coach is sure he'll hit the big leagues if he can only turn his terrible team around. Good luck with that. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Rust Valley Restorers","tags":"  Mike Hall, Michael Daingerfield Old-school auto collector Mike Hall, his pal Avery Shoaf and son Connor Hall go the extra mile to restore retro cars \u2013 and hopefully turn a profit. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The Sleepover","tags":" Trish Sie Sadie Stanley, Maxwell Simkins, Ken Marino, Malin Akerman, Cree Cicchino, Lucas Jaye, Karla Souza, Enuka Okuma, Erik Griffin, Joe Manganiello What do you do if your parents are kidnapped by a crew of international thieves? You begin a wild overnight adventure \u2014 complete with spy gear. action,family,comedyaction,family,comedy"},{"title":"Goedam","tags":" Hong Won-ki SEOLA, Lee Hyun-joo, Song Chae-yun, Han Ga-rim, Shim So-young When night falls on the city, shadows and spirits come alive in this horror anthology series centered on urban legends. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"John Was Trying to Contact Aliens","tags":"   A rural electronics whiz broadcasts radio signals into space and monitors for signs of aliens, but makes a more important connection here on Earth. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Scarecrow","tags":" Khaled Marei Ahmed Helmy, Menna Shalaby, Khaled El Sawy, Bayoumi Fouad, Entsar, Samy Maghawry, Mahmoud Ellisy, Yasser El Tobgy, Hassan Hosny, Lotfy Labib When his former partners vote to sell off a pricey piece of stolen jewelry, a thief recruits his grandson to help him retain it and repent for his deed. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Crimes That Bind","tags":" Sebasti\u00e1n Schindel Cecilia Roth, Miguel \u00c1ngel Sol\u00e1, Benjam\u00edn Amadeo, Sof\u00eda Gala Castiglione, Yanina \u00c1vila, Marcelo Subiotto, Paola Barrientos, Diego Cremonesi, Claudio Mart\u00ednez Bel When her son is accused of raping and trying to murder his ex-wife, Alicia embarks on a journey that will change her life forever. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"DeMarcus Family Rules","tags":"   Rascal Flatts bassist Jay DeMarcus and ex-beauty queen Allison DeMarcus write their own rules for juggling family and fun in this reality show. showshow"},{"title":"High Score","tags":"   This docuseries traces the history of classic video games, featuring insights from the innovators who brought these worlds and characters to life. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Drunk Parents","tags":" Fred Wolf Alec Baldwin, Salma Hayek, Jim Gaffigan, Joe Manganiello, Treat Williams, Ben Platt, Aasif Mandvi, Natalia Cigliuti Two desperate parents go to extreme lengths to hide their dire financial straits from their daughter and friends. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Meet the In-Laws","tags":" Niyi Akinmolayan Adeniyi Johnson, Tina Mba, Dele Odule, Lilian Esoro, Amaechi Muonagor, Blessing Onwukwe, Dayo Amusa, Kenneth Okolie When their respective parents oppose their union, a newly engaged couple learns that the reasons for pushback run deeper than just tribal differences. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Crazy Awesome Teachers","tags":" Sammaria Sari Simanjuntak Gading Marten, Dian Sastrowardoyo, Faradina Mufti, Boris Bokir, Kevin Ardilova, Shakira Jasmine, Asri Welas, Arswendi Bening Swara, Kiki Narendra, Ibnu Jamil When staff salaries get stolen at his school, a reluctant new teacher sets out to recoup the money and soon discovers the joys of teaching. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Glitch Techs","tags":"  Ricardo Hurtado, Monica Ray, Luke Youngblood, Scott  Kreamer, Dan Milano, Gunnar Sizemore, Zehra Fazal, Sandeep Parikh Two teens work at a game store as a front for their actual job: Hunting video game monsters who've broken out into the real world. familyfamily"},{"title":"Islands of Faith","tags":" Chairun Nissa  Through the lens of faiths and cultures in seven provinces in Indonesia, this documentary follows individuals who strive to address climate change. documental,religion,foregindocumental,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Les Mis\u00e9rables","tags":" Tom Hooper Hugh Jackman, Russell Crowe, Anne Hathaway, Amanda Seyfried, Sacha Baron Cohen, Helena Bonham Carter, Eddie Redmayne, Aaron Tveit, Samantha Barks, Daniel Huttlestone The musical version of Victor Hugo's epic tale of love and sacrifice, first produced for the stage in 1985, now receives the big-screen treatment. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Seventh Son","tags":" Sergei Bodrov Jeff Bridges, Ben Barnes, Julianne Moore, Alicia Vikander, Antje Traue, Olivia Williams, John DeSantis, Kit Harington, Djimon Hounsou, Gerard Plunkett, Jason Scott Lee In the 18th century, apprentice exorcist Tom Ward is the lynchpin in a battle between good and evil when imprisoned witch Mother Malkin escapes. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Stranger","tags":"  Seung-woo Cho, Doona Bae, Joon-hyuk Lee, Kyeong-yeong Lee, Jae-myung Yoo, Hye-sun Shin With the help of a gutsy female detective, a prosecutor who has lost the ability to feel empathy tackles a murder case amid political corruption. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Rita","tags":"  Mille Dinesen, Carsten Bj\u00f8rnlund, Lise Baastrup, Nikolaj Groth, Ellen Hillings\u00f8, Morten Vang Simonsen, Lykke Sand Michelsen, Carsten Norgaard, Sara Hjort Ditlevsen, Alexandre Willaume Independent, outspoken and adored by her students, schoolteacher Rita fares less well with adults in this comedy-drama from Denmark. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Takki","tags":"  Moayed Althagafi, Khairiah Abulaban, Ali Alsharif, Adel Redwan, Redwan Alremey, Hind Alsaigh, Reem Alhabib, Khaled Bamashmoos, Fahad Ghazoli, Dareen Albayedh, Naif Althufairi, Mohammad Balkhi In Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, a young aspiring filmmaker and his circle of friends grapple with family expectations, gender roles, romance and rivalry. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"What's Your Raashee?","tags":" Ashutosh Gowariker Harman Baweja, Priyanka Chopra, Manju Singh, Anjan Srivastav, Darshan Jariwala, Dilip Joshi, Vishwa Badola, Rajesh Vivek, Daya Shankar Pandey, Yuri Suri To protect his family from ruin, Yogesh must marry his dream girl in only ten days, so he rushes into dating women with different astrological signs. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"3%","tags":"  Jo\u00e3o Miguel, Bianca Comparato, Michel Gomes, Rodolfo Valente, Vaneza Oliveira, Rafael Lozano, Viviane Porto, Mel Fronckowiak, Sergio Mamberti, Zez\u00e9 Motta, Celso Frateschi In a future where the elite inhabit an island paradise far from the crowded slums, you get one chance to join the 3% saved from squalor. foregin,drama,fantasyforegin,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Fearless","tags":" Cory Edwards Yara Shahidi, Miles Robbins, Miguel J. Pimentel, Gabrielle Union, Jadakiss, Tom Kenny, Angie Martinez, Harland Williams, Fat Joe, Amari McCoy, Dwyane Wade A teen gamer is forced to level up to full-time babysitter when his favorite video game drops three superpowered infants from space into his backyard. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Nigerian Prince","tags":" Faraday Okoro Antonio Bell, Chinaza Uche, Tina Mba, Bimbo Manuel, Toyin Oshinaike, Craig Stott, Ebbe Bassey, Cristabel Goddy, Omar Maskati, Russell G. Jones, Dean Cameron When a stubborn American teenager is sent to Nigeria by his mother, his cousin's scamming business becomes a viable option for securing a return flight. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Octonauts & the Caves of Sac Actun","tags":" Blair Simmons Teresa Gallagher, Simon Greenall, Keith Wickham, Rob Rackstraw, Michael Murphy, Jo Wyatt, Helen Walsh, Andres Williams, Paul Panting The Octonauts embark on an underwater adventure, navigating a set of challenging caves to help a small octopus friend return home to the Caribbean Sea. familyfamily"},{"title":"Project Power","tags":" Henry Joost, Ariel Schulman Jamie Foxx, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Dominique Fishback, Rodrigo Santoro, Courtney B. Vance, Amy Landecker, Machine Gun Kelly, Tait Fletcher, Allen Maldonado, Andrene Ward-Hammond An ex-soldier, a teen and a cop collide in New Orleans as they hunt for the source behind a dangerous new pill that grants users temporary superpowers. actionaction"},{"title":"Teenage Bounty Hunters","tags":"  Anjelica Bette Fellini, Maddie Phillips, Kadeem Hardison, Virginia Williams, Mackenzie Astin, Shirley Rumierk, Myles Evans, Devon Hales, Spencer House, Eric Graise, Charity Cervantes, Wynn Everett, Method Man Twin sisters Sterling and Blair balance teen life at an elite Southern high school with an unlikely new career as butt-kicking bounty hunters. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"The Great Heist","tags":"  Andr\u00e9s Parra, Christian Tappan, Marcela Benjumea, Juan Sebasti\u00e1n Calero, Waldo Urrego, Rodrigo Jerez, Katherine V\u00e9lez, Paula Casta\u00f1o, Pedro Su\u00e1rez, \u00c9dgar Vittorino, Rams\u00e9s Ramos, Juan Pablo Barrag\u00e1n In 1994, a team of thieves plans an ambitious heist to steal millions from Colombia's Bank of the Republic. Inspired by true events. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Legend of Korra","tags":"  Janet Varney, David Faustino, P.J. Byrne, J.K. Simmons, Dee Bradley Baker, Seychelle Gabriel, Logan Wells, Jeff Bennett, Kiernan Shipka A female avatar who can control the elements fights to keep her city safe from the evil forces of both the physical and spiritual worlds. family,action,fantasyfamily,action,fantasy"},{"title":"Zoids Wild","tags":"  Kensho Ono, Takahiro Sakurai, Mikako Komatsu, Etsuko Kozakura, Subaru Kimura, Kaito Ishikawa, Ami Koshimizu, Yoji Ikuta, Hayato Kimura, Kotaro Nishiyama, Takuya Kirimoto, Tomokazu Seki, Suzuko Mimori A quest for freedom and legendary treasure begins when a cheerful young adventurer follows his father's footsteps to become the greatest Zoids hunter. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"An Easy Girl","tags":" Rebecca Zlotowski Mina Farid, Zahia Dehar, Beno\u00eet Magimel, Nuno Lopes, Clotilde Courau, Loubna Abidar, \"Riley\" Lakdhar Dridi, Henri-No\u00ebl Tabary A teen girl is drawn to her cousin\u2019s hedonistic lifestyle when they spend the summer together in Cannes as she learns about herself and her own values. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Christine","tags":" Antonio Campos Rebecca Hall, Michael C. Hall, Tracy Letts, Maria Dizzia, J. Smith-Cameron, Timothy Simons, Kim Shaw, John Cullum, Morgan Spector, Jayson Warner Smith In a film based on true events, an awkward but ambitious TV reporter struggles to adapt when she's ordered to focus on violent and salacious stories. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Simon Killer","tags":" Antonio Campos Brady Corbet, Mati Diop, Constance Rousseau, Lila Salet, Solo, Micha\u00ebl Abiteboul, Nicolas Ronchi, \u00c9tienne Rotha Moeng Young and heartbroken, a New Yorker travels to Paris to escape his romantic woes but is soon drawn into another all-consuming attraction. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"(Un)Well","tags":"   This docuseries takes a deep dive into the lucrative wellness industry, which touts health and healing. But do the products live up to the promises? showshow"},{"title":"Gunjan Saxena: The Kargil Girl","tags":" Sharan Sharma Janhvi Kapoor, Pankaj Tripathi, Angad Bedi, Viineet Kumar, Manav Vij, Ayesha Raza Mishra Flight Lieutenant Gunjan Saxena makes history in her journey from aspiring aviator to India\u2019s first female combat pilot in the Kargil War. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Mr. Peabody & Sherman","tags":" Rob Minkoff Ty Burrell, Max Charles, Ariel Winter, Stephen Colbert, Leslie Mann, Stanley Tucci, Allison Janney, Mel Brooks, Patrick Warburton, Stephen Tobolowsky, Lake Bell Resurrected from the 1960s animated series \"Rocky and Bullwinkle,\" canine genius Mr. Peabody and young Sherman take a dizzying ride through time. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Rob Schneider: Asian Momma, Mexican Kids","tags":" Tyler Spindel Rob Schneider Former \"Saturday Night Live\" star Rob Schneider returns to the stage and shares his take on life, love and dinosaur dreams in this stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"GAME ON: A Comedy Crossover Event","tags":"  Loretta Devine, Tia Mowry-Hardrict, Anthony Alabi, Paul Wight, Allison Munn, Gabriel Iglesias, Sherri Shepherd, Paulina Ch\u00e1vez, Jencarlos Canela Worlds collide in this special event featuring familiar faces, surprise cameos and stories of spirited competition from four different comedy series. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Terrace House: Tokyo 2019-2020","tags":"  You, Reina Triendl, Yoshimi Tokui, Azusa Babazono, Ryota Yamasato, Shono Hayama Six strangers share a fabulous house in Tokyo, looking for love while living under the same roof. With no script, what happens next is all up to them. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The Lost Husband","tags":" Vicky Wight Leslie Bibb, Josh Duhamel, Nora Dunn, Sharon Lawrence, Callie Hope Haverda, Roxton Garcia Looking to start anew, a widow retreats with her children to her aunt's goat farm, where the ranch's manager helps her navigate country life and loss. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"The Governor","tags":"  Caroline Chikezie, Bimbo Manuel, Lord Frank, Edmond Enaibe, Taiwo Obileye, Jude Chukwuka, Kunle Coker, Paul Christian Chukwudi, Samuel Abiola Robinson, Simi Adejumo, Ani Iyoho When sudden tragedy forces a deputy to step into the role of governor, she faces grueling political and personal tests in order to lead her state. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"We Summon the Darkness","tags":" Marc Meyers Alexandra Daddario, Amy Forsyth, Keean Johnson, Maddie Hasson, Logan Miller, Austin Swift, Johnny Knoxville, Allison McAtee, Tanner Beard A night at a 1980s heavy metal concert hits a grisly note when new friends find themselves in the middle of a satanic murder spree. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Berlin, Berlin: Lolle on the Run","tags":" Franziska Meyer Price Felicitas Woll, Janina Uhse, Jan Sosniok, Matthias Klimsa, Sandra Borgmann, Kai Lentrodt, Armin Rohde, Gitta Schweigh\u00f6fer, Kailas Mahadevan In this cinematic sequel to the hit TV series, Lolle has moved on from Sven and is about to marry her friend Hart \u2013 until Sven disrupts her plans. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"High Seas","tags":"  Ivana Baquero, Jon Kortajarena, Alejandra Onieva, Eloy Azor\u00edn, Chiqui Fern\u00e1ndez, Tamar Novas, Daniel Lundh, Manuela Vell\u00e9s, Natalia Rodr\u00edguez, Laura Prats, Ignacio Montes, Bego\u00f1a Vargas, Luis Bermejo, Pepe Ocio, Ben Temple, F\u00e9lix G\u00f3mez, Antonio Dur\u00e1n 'Morris', Eduardo Blanco, Jos\u00e9 Sacrist\u00e1n Two sisters discover disturbing family secrets after a string of mysterious deaths occur on a luxury ship traveling from Spain to Brazil in the 1940s. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Sing On! Germany","tags":"  Palina Rojinski In this karaoke competition hosted by Palina Rojinski, contestants must hit the right note for a chance to win up to 30,000 euros. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Stars in the Sky: A Hunting Story","tags":" Steven Rinella Steven Rinella This documentary follows a group of hunters as they grapple with the complexities, controversies, and contradictions of pursuing animals in the wild. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Magic School Bus Rides Again Kids In Space","tags":" Richard Weston Kate McKinnon, Matthew Mucci, Mikaela Blake, Gabby Clarke, Roman Lutterotti, Leke Maceda-Rustecki, Birva Pandya, Lynsey Pham, Kaden Stephen The Magic School Bus kids blast into orbit \u2014 and onto the International Space Station \u2014 only to find themselves on the run from a giant tardigrade! familyfamily"},{"title":"Tiny Creatures","tags":"  Mike Colter Little animals embark on big adventures across the U.S. in a dramatic nature series that explores their hidden worlds and epic survival stories. documental,documental,actiondocumental,documental,action"},{"title":"Wizards: Tales of Arcadia","tags":"  Colin O'Donoghue, David Bradley, Lena Headey, Emile Hirsch, Lexi Medrano, Steven Yeun, Alfred Molina, James Faulkner, Stephanie Beatriz, John Rhys-Davies Merlin\u2019s apprentice joins Arcadia\u2019s heroes on a time-bending adventure in Camelot, where conflict is brewing between the human, troll and magical worlds. family,action,fantasyfamily,action,fantasy"},{"title":"Word Party Songs","tags":"   Sing along and dance with Bailey, Franny, Kip, Lulu and Tilly in this collection of music videos that will get you in the mood to move and groove! familyfamily"},{"title":"Work It","tags":" Laura Terruso Sabrina Carpenter, Jordan Fisher, Liza Koshy, Keiynan Lonsdale, Michelle Buteau, Drew Ray Tanner A brilliant but clumsy high school senior vows to get into her late father\u2019s alma mater by transforming herself and a misfit squad into dance champions. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ever After High","tags":"  Jonquil Goode, Karen Strassman, Audu Paden, Julie Maddalena, Marieve Herington, Rena Strober, Evan Smith, Wendee Lee, Haviland Stillwell, Valerie Arem, Cam Clarke, Colleen Foy, Cindy Robinson, Joe Sanfelippo, Jamieson Price, Debi Derryberry, Lindsey Ames, Rajo Zakic, Erin Fitzgerald, Malcolm Danare The kids of fairy-tale characters attend a school with two cliques: those who accept their fairy-tale destinies and those who want to write their own. familyfamily"},{"title":"Nasha Natasha","tags":" Mart\u00edn Sastre Natalia Oreiro Concert and behind-the-scenes footage capture life on tour for Uruguayan sensation Natalia Oreiro as she performs for packed crowds throughout Russia. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Rain","tags":"  Alba August, Lucas Lynggaard T\u00f8nnesen, Mikkel Boe F\u00f8lsgaard, Lukas L\u00f8kken, Jessica Dinnage, Sonny Lindberg, Angela Bundalovic, Lars Simonsen Six years after a brutal virus wipes out most of Scandinavia's population, two siblings join a band of young survivors seeking safety \u2013 and answers. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Anelka: Misunderstood","tags":" Franck Nataf Nicolas Anelka Inscrutable, incomparable or both? Famed French footballer Nicolas Anelka\u2019s controversial legacy is explored in this in-depth documentary. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"World's Most Wanted","tags":"   Suspected of heinous crimes, they\u2019ve avoided capture despite massive rewards and global investigations. A docuseries profiling the world\u2019s most wanted. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Malibu Rescue: The Next Wave","tags":" Savage Steve Holland Ricardo Hurtado, Breanna Yde, Jackie R. Jacobson, Abby Donnelly, Alkoya Brunson, Jeff Meacham, Ella Gross, Carlos Sanson, JT Neal, Camaron Engels, Kirrilee Berger As summer returns to Malibu, Team Flounder takes to the beach to host \u2014 and unexpectedly compete in \u2014 the International Beachmaster Competition. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Mystery Lab","tags":"  Felipe Castanhari, Lilian Regina, Bruno Miranda, Guilherme Briggs Host Felipe Castanhari explores science, history, mysteries and marvels, uncovering mind-blowing facts with help from his lab buddies. documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"Sam Jay: 3 In The Morning","tags":" Kristian Mercado Sam Jay Comedian and \"Saturday Night Live\" writer Sam Jay serves up fresh takes on relationships, travel nightmares, the audacity of white people and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Immigration Nation","tags":"   With unprecedented access to ICE operations, as well as moving portraits of immigrants, this docuseries takes a deep look at US immigration today. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Almost Love","tags":" Mike Doyle Scott Evans, Augustus Prew, Kate Walsh, Michelle Buteau, Zo\u00eb Chao, Patricia Clarkson, Colin Donnell, Christopher Gray A close crew of striving New Yorkers experiences both joy and heartache in their romantic and professional lives. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Killing Hasselhoff","tags":" Darren Grant Ken Jeong, David Hasselhoff, Jim Jefferies, Jon Lovitz, Rhys Darby, Dan Bakkedahl, Jennifer Ikeda, Will Sasso, Colton Dunn In major debt to a loan shark, a nightclub owner who's entered in a celebrity death pool tries to murder a famous figure for half a million dollars. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Moesha","tags":"  Brandy Norwood, William Allen Young, Sheryl Lee Ralph, Countess Vaughn, Lamont Bentley, Shar Jackson, Marcus T. Paulk, Yvette Wilson Navigating the twists and firsts of high school, Moesha juggles friendships, romance and the occasional drama while trying to keep her family together. comedy,showcomedy,show"},{"title":"My Perfect Landing","tags":"  Morgan Wigle, Tom Hulshof, Helena Marie, Shawn Thompson, Natasha Zaborski, Ajanae Stephenson, Francesca Van Keekan, Jordan Clark Everything changes for talented young gymnast Jenny Cortez when she moves with her family from Miami to Toronto to open a new gymnastics club. familyfamily"},{"title":"Nagi-Asu: A Lull in the Sea","tags":"  Natsuki Hanae, Kana Hanazawa, Ai Kayano, Ryota Osaka, Kaito Ishikawa, Mikako Komatsu, Kaori Ishihara, Kaori Nazuka, Masuo Amada, Junji Majima, Motomu Kiyokawa, Kohsuke Toriumi In a world where humans are divided between the land and the sea, four childhood friends from the ocean must attend middle school on the surface. anime,romance,showanime,romance,show"},{"title":"Rogue Warfare: The Hunt","tags":" Mike Gunther Will Yun Lee, Jermaine Love, Rory Markham, Bertrand-Xavier Corbi, Katie Keene, Fernando Chien, Gina DeCesare, Michael Blalock, Chris Mulkey, Stephen Lang When their leader is captured by an extremist organization, a special forces team stages a perilous rescue mission as time runs out. actionaction"},{"title":"Super Monsters: The New Class","tags":" Steve Ball Elyse Maloway, Vincent Tong, Erin Mathews, Andrea Libman, Alessandro Juliani, Nicole Anthony, Diana Kaarina, Gigi Saul Guerrero, Asia Mattu, Rukiya Bernard, Elicia MacKenzie, Ian James Corlett, Britt McKillip A new class of pint-sized preschoolers arrives at Pitchfork Pines, and the Super Monsters take their superpowers to the next level \u2014 the Purple Room! familyfamily"},{"title":"The Next Step","tags":"  Shamier Anderson, Victoria Baldesarra, Alexandra Beaton, Jordan Clark, Brennan Clost, Samantha Grecchi, Lamar Johnson, Isaac Lupien, Trevor Tordjman, Brittany Raymond, Bree Wasylenko, Jennifer Pappas, Tamina Pollack-Paris, Logan Fabbro, Megan Mackenzie, Alex Beaton, Natalie Krill This drama series follows young dancers at the Next Step Dance Studio as they attempt to win the coveted regional dance championships. family,show,dramafamily,show,drama"},{"title":"The Ottoman Lieutenant","tags":" Joseph Ruben Michiel Huisman, Hera Hilmar, Josh Hartnett, Ben Kingsley, Haluk Bilginer, Affif Ben Badra, Paul Barrett, Jessica Turner As World War I looms, an American nurse travels to the Ottoman Empire on a medical mission, where she clashes with a dashing lieutenant. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Toradora!","tags":"  Rie Kugimiya, Junji Majima, Yui Horie, Hirofumi Nojima, Eri Kitamura, Sayaka Ohara, Ai Nonaka, Momoko Ishikawa, Hiroyuki Yoshino, Kazuyuki Okitsu, Rie Tanaka, Yuhko Kaida, Saori Goto Menacing in appearance but gentle at heart, Ry\u016bji forms an unlikely friendship with Taiga, a tiny girl with a sharp tongue and a tough attitude. anime,foregin,romanceanime,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Transformers Rescue Bots Academy","tags":"  Adam Andrianopolous, Pierce Cravens, Xander Crowell, Paul Guyet, Michael Hansen, Mason Hensley, Courtney Shaw, Alan Trinca, Keyon Williams, Andy Zou As part of the first class at the Rescue Bots Academy, five Cybertron recruits train under their skilled teachers and take on daring rescue missions. familyfamily"},{"title":"What Keeps You Alive","tags":" Colin Minihan Hannah Emily Anderson, Brittany Allen, Martha MacIsaac, Joey Klein, Charlotte Lindsay Marron A couple's romantic anniversary retreat to a rural cabin unravels when a childhood friend appears and reveals long-held secrets from the past. lgbt,suspenselgbt,suspense"},{"title":"Get Even","tags":"  Kim Adis, Mia McKenna-Bruce, Bethany Antonia, Jessica Alexander In a secret act of skillful revenge, four private school classmates team up and work together to expose a string of schoolwide injustices. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Latte and the Magic Waterstone","tags":" Regina Welker, Nina Wels Ashley Bornancin, Carter Hastings When a greedy bear steals a magic stone to keep the forest\u2019s water for himself, a brave hedgehog and a timid squirrel must work together to retrieve it. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Raat Akeli Hai","tags":" Honey Trehan Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Radhika Apte, Khalid Tyabji, Aditya Srivastava, Padmavati Rao, Shivani Raghuvanshi, Nishant Dahiya, Shweta Tripathi, Gyanendra Tripathi, Shreedhar Dubey, Swanand Kirkire, Riya Shukla, Tigmanshu Dhulia, Ila Arun, Natasha Rastogi When a newly married landlord is murdered, a misfit cop\u2019s investigation is complicated by the victim\u2019s secretive family and his own conflicted heart. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Seriously Single","tags":" Katleho Ramaphakela, Rethabile Ramaphakela Fulu Mugovhani, Tumi Morake, Bohang Moeko, Yonda Thomas While her free-living bestie urges her to embrace singlehood, a commitment-craving social media expert can't stop following the life of a former love. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sugar High","tags":" Ariel Boles Hunter March Talented sugar artists compete for $10,000 over two rounds of competition \u2014 candy and sugar sculpture \u2014 in this \"Sugar Rush\" spinoff special. familyfamily"},{"title":"Sugar Rush","tags":"  Candace Nelson, Adriano Zumbo, Hunter March Time's the most important ingredient as teams race against the clock \u2013 and each other \u2013 to bake up the best-tasting sweets. showshow"},{"title":"The Umbrella Academy","tags":"   Reunited by their father's death, estranged siblings with extraordinary powers uncover shocking family secrets \u2013 and a looming threat to humanity. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Retablo","tags":" \u00c1lvaro Delgado-Aparicio L. Junior B\u00e9jar Roca, Amiel Cayo, Magaly Solier, Hermelinda Luj\u00e1n, Mauro Chuch\u00f3n, Claudia Sol\u00eds, Coco Chiarella High in the Andes, a teenage boy and his father work together as artisans. But their bond is shattered when the son learns of his father's secret life. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Transformers: War For Cybertron Trilogy","tags":"  Jake Foushee, Jason Marnocha, Linsay Rousseau, Joe Zieja, Frank Todaro, Bill Rogers, Keith Silverstein, Edward Bosco As the Autobots and Decepticons ravage their planet in a brutal civil war, two iconic leaders emerge in the Transformers universe's origin story. animeanime"},{"title":"Uma Maheswara Ugra Roopasya","tags":" Venkatesh Maha Satya Dev, VK Naresh, Raghavan, Suhas P, Ravindra Vijay, Chandana Koppisetti, Roopa Koduvayur, Kushalini Pulapa Defeated and humiliated in a fight while trying to defuse a conflict among his fellow villagers, a photographer vows revenge on his attacker. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"It's Her Day","tags":" Aniedi Anwah Bovi Ugboma, Amanda Ebeye, Shaffy Bello, Adunni Ade, Ini Dima-Okojie, 'Najite Dede, Gregory Ojefua, Thelma Ezeamaka, Femi Durojaiye, Ese Lami George, Toni Tones After a man promises his fianc\u00e9 a dream wedding, he must keep up with her outrageous requests to have the most lavish ceremony possible. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Redemption","tags":" Mickey Fonseca Gil Alexandre, Arlete Bombe, Rashid Abdul, Laquino Fonseca, Tomas Bie, Candido Quembo, Jorge Amade, Aldovina Chiziane Newly released from prison, a man returning to his girlfriend and their child subsequently learns about a dangerous debt taken by his late mother. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Shine Your Eyes","tags":" Matias Mariani O.C. Ukeje, Indira Nascimento, Paulo Andr\u00e9, Ike Barry, Chukwudi Iwuji A Nigerian musician travels to Brazil to search for his estranged brother, who is living a life very different than the one his family thought. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Hater","tags":" Jan Komasa Maciej Musia\u0142owski, Agata Kulesza, Danuta Stenka, Vanessa Aleksander, Maciej Stuhr, Jacek Koman, Adam Gradowski, Piotr Biedron, Martynika Kosnica A duplicitous young man finds success in the dark world of social media smear tactics \u2014 but his virtual vitriol soon has violent real-life consequences. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Speed Cubers","tags":" Sue Kim  This documentary captures the extraordinary twists and turns in the journeys of Rubik's Cube-solving champions Max Park and Feliks Zemdegs. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Tread","tags":" Paul Solet  This documentary reconstructs the pivotal moments that drove a man on a rampage to destroy a small town with a bulldozer he fortified in secret. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Last Chance U","tags":"  John Franklin III, DJ Law, Buddy Stephens, Brittany Wagner, Ronald Ollie In a docuseries set at one of NCAA football's most fertile recruiting grounds, guys with red flags seek to prove their worth on the field and in class. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Banana Split","tags":" Ben Kasulke Hannah Marks, Liana Liberato, Dylan Sprouse, Luke Spencer Roberts, Jessica Hecht, Addison Riecke, Meagan Kimberly Smith, Haley Ramm Despite leaving for college, a heartsick teen tries to build a new friendship with a kindred spirit even though she's dating her ex-boyfriend. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Shameless (U.S.)","tags":"  William H. Macy, Emmy Rossum, Justin Chatwin, Cameron Monaghan, Jeremy Allen White, Shanola Hampton, Steve Howey, Ethan Cutkosky, Emma Kenney, Laura Wiggins, Joan Cusack This dramedy based on a British series centers on siblings in a dysfunctional Chicago family who struggle while coping with their alcoholic father. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Door Ke Darshan","tags":" Gagan Puri Dolly Ahluwalia, Manu Rishi Chadha, Mahie Gill, Shardul Rana, Archita Sharma, Rajesh Sharma, Supriya Shukla, Mehak Manwani When a matriarch wakes from a 30-year coma, her wacky family frantically recreates a bygone era to keep her from noticing how much time has passed. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Double World","tags":" Teddy Chan Henry Lau, Peter Ho, Lin Chenhan, Jiang Luxia, Ming Hu, Him Law, Shi Shi, Mark Cheng, Wang Ziyi, Xu Minghu Keen to bring honor to his clan, young villager Dong Yilong embarks on a perilous journey to compete in a tournament that selects warriors for battle. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Project Marathwada","tags":" Bhavin Wadia Om Puri, Seema Biswas, Kunal Sheth, Rahul Patel, Katarina Kajkus, Farrah Kader, Govind Namdeo, Dalip Tahil After his son\u2019s suicide, a debt-ridden farmer seeks justice from the government. But as his pleas are mocked and rebuffed, his own will to live erodes. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Animal Crackers","tags":" Tony Bancroft, Scott Christian Sava Emily Blunt, John Krasinski, Ian McKellen, Danny DeVito, Raven-Symon\u00e9, Patrick Warburton, Wallace Shawn, Gilbert Gottfried, Tara Strong, Harvey Fierstein, James Arnold Taylor, Kevin Grevioux, Sylvester Stallone, Lydia Rose Taylor Enchanted animal crackers turn Owen into whatever shape he eats! But to save the family circus, he'll have to keep them out of his evil uncle's hands. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Dragons: Rescue Riders: Secrets of the Songwing","tags":" Greg Rankin, TJ Sullivan Noah Kaye Bentley, Brennley Brown, Zach Callison, Nicolas Cantu, Skai Jackson, Marsai Martin, Andre Robinson, Carlos Alazraqui, Ren\u00e9e Elise Goldsberry When a musical dragon with a beautiful voice hypnotizes the dragons and people of Huttsgalor, the Rescue Riders have to find a way to break the spell. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Nimbe","tags":" Tope Alake Odunlade Adekola, Chimezie Imo, Sani Danja, Rachael Okonkwo, Broda Shaggi, Toyin Abraham, Kelechi Udegbe, Doyin Abiola, Molawa Davis A bullied teenager gravitates toward the acceptance he finds in a street gang but soon ends up involved in a world of drug abuse and organized crime. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Offering to the Storm","tags":" Fernando Gonz\u00e1lez Molina Marta Etura, Leonardo Sbaraglia, Carlos Librado \"Nene\", Francesc Orella, Imanol Arias, \u00c1lvaro Cervantes, Itziar Aizpuru, Benn Northover, Marta Larralde, Alicia S\u00e1nchez, Eduardo Rosa, Angel Alkain, Ana Wagener, Paco Tous, Patricia L\u00f3pez Arnaiz, Pedro Casablanc Amaia investigates several suspicious infant deaths and horrific rituals. Meanwhile, people around her risk grave danger. Part 3 in the Baztan Trilogy. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Romance Doll","tags":" Yuki Tanada Issey Takahashi, Yuu Aoi, Kenta Hamano, Toko Miura, Koji Ohkura, Pierre Taki, Eri Watanabe, Kitaro Love came naturally for married couple Sonoko and Tetsuo. But his secret profession as a love doll designer clashes with her deeper, darker secret. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sing On! Spain","tags":"  Ricky Merino In this fast-paced, high-energy karaoke competition, singers from all walks of life battle it out for up to 30,000 euros! foregin,show,foreginforegin,show,foregin"},{"title":"The Kissing Booth 2","tags":" Vince Marcello Joey King, Joel Courtney, Jacob Elordi, Molly Ringwald, Taylor Zakhar Perez, Maisie Richardson-Sellers, Meganne Young With college decisions looming, Elle juggles her long-distance romance with Noah, changing relationship with bestie Lee and feelings for a new classmate. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Sinatra: All or Nothing at All","tags":" Alex Gibney  Legendary crooner Frank Sinatra's life and talent are captured in this documentary series featuring fond memories from friends, family and colleagues. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Larva Island Movie","tags":" Ahn Byoung-wook Hong Bum-ki, Eddy Lee, Kang Shi-hyun, Ahn Hyo-min, Kim Yeon-woo, Choi Nak-yoon, Tom Wayland, Erica Schroeder In this movie sequel to the hit series, Chuck returns home and talks to a reporter about life on the island with zany larva pals Red and Yellow. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Letter Reader","tags":" Sibusiso Khuzwayo Bahle Mashinini, Nomalanga Shabane, Andile Gumbi, Nokuthula Mazibuko A young boy from Johannesburg arrives in KwaZulu-Natal and begins to read letters for villagers \u2014 then falls in love with one of the recipients. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Fear City: New York vs The Mafia","tags":"   Five Mafia families ruled New York with a bloody fist in the 1970s and '80s, until a group of federal agents tried the unthinkable: taking them down. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Norsemen","tags":"  K\u00e5re Conradi, Silje Torp, Nils J\u00f8rgen Kaalstad, Marian Saastad Ottesen, Trond Fausa, Kristine Riis, Jon \u00d8igarden, Henrik Mestad, \u00d8ystein Martinsen, Mikkel Bratt Silset, Mads J\u00f8rgensen, Nikis Theophilakis The residents of an 8th-century Viking village experience political rivalry, social change and innovations that upend their culture and way of life. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"The Remix: Hip Hop X Fashion","tags":" Lisa Cort\u00e9s, Farah X  This documentary profiles Black visionaries in fashion who rewrote narratives on the runway and turned hip-hop style into a global phenomenon. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Ip Man 4: The Finale","tags":" Wilson Yip Donnie Yen, Wu Yue, Vanness Wu, Scott Adkins, Kent Cheng, Danny Chan Kwok-kwan, Kanin Ngo, Chris Collins, Vanda Margraf, Meng Lo Ip Man travels to San Francisco with his son and wrestles with tensions between martial arts masters and his star student, Bruce Lee. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Jack Whitehall: I'm Only Joking","tags":" Dave Skinner, Freddie Waters Jack Whitehall Jack Whitehall hits the stage with hilarious tales about happy couples, life in hotels, human stupidity and his well-traveled father. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Killer Women with Piers Morgan","tags":"  Piers Morgan Journalist Piers Morgan goes behind prison walls to speak with women convicted of shocking crimes, shedding light on what drove them to murder. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"Funan","tags":" Denis Do B\u00e9r\u00e9nice Bejo, Louis Garrel, Colette Kieffer, Aude-Laurence Clermont Biver, Brice Montagne, Franck Sasonoff, Herv\u00e9 Sogne, Maxime Baudoin, Tom Trouffier, Lila Lacombe, C\u00e9line Ront\u00e9, Emilie Mari\u00e9, Thierry Jahn Separated from their young son during the brutal Khmer Rouge revolution, a couple must find ways to endure while searching for their child. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Gigantosaurus","tags":"   Four prehistoric friends go on an array of adventures while trying to unravel a mystery about a big, fierce creature. Based on Jonny Duddle's book. familyfamily"},{"title":"Single Wives","tags":"  Fifi Box, Matthew Hussey Looking for a second chance at love, four formerly married women are put in various romantic situations then receive feedback from a dating coach. show,romanceshow,romance"},{"title":"Cursed","tags":"  Katherine Langford, Devon Terrell, Gustaf Skarsg\u00e5rd, Daniel Sharman, Sebastian Armesto, Lily Newmark, Shalom Brune-Franklin, Matt Stokoe, Bella Dayne, Peter Mullan, Emily Coates Armed with mysterious powers and a legendary sword, young rebel Nimue\u00a0joins forces with charming mercenary Arthur on a mission to save her people. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Father Soldier Son","tags":" Leslye Davis, Catrin Einhorn  After a single father is severely wounded in Afghanistan, he and his sons embark on a journey of sacrifice and a search for redemption. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"In The Dark","tags":"  Perry Mattfeld, Brooke Markham, Casey Deidrick, Keston John, Morgan Krantz, Rich Sommer, Thamela Mpumlwana, Saycon Sengbloh, Kathleen York, Derek Webster A blind woman with vices finds herself in the middle of a murder investigation when her best friend turns up dead. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Kissing Game","tags":"  Caio Horowicz, Iza Moreira, Michel Joelsas, Denise Fraga, Thom\u00e1s Aquino, Luana Nastas, Esther Tinman, Kevin Vechiatto, Grace Pass\u00f4, Bianca Byington, Bruno Garcia, Fl\u00e1vio Tolezani, Carolina del Carmen Peleritti At a high school in a rural, isolated ranching community, families panic when teens contract a mysterious \"kissing disease\" that quickly spreads. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Millions","tags":" Toka McBaror, Tunde Apalowo Ramsey Nouah, Blossom Chukwujekwu, Ayo Makun, Nancy Isime, Ali Nuhu, Folusho Durojaiye, Toyin Abraham, Chika Lann, Broda Shaggi, Etinosa Idemudia To pull off a massive heist, a charismatic con artist attempts to rob a fortified home with the help of a team he can't completely trust. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Fatal Affair","tags":" Peter Sullivan Nia Long, Omar Epps, Stephen Bishop, Maya Stojan, Aubrey Cleland, Carolyn Hennesy A lawyer is caught in a terrifying game of cat and mouse when a drink with an old friend escalates into an obsession that jeopardizes everyone she loves. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"MILF","tags":" Axelle Laffont Virginie Ledoyen, Marie-Jos\u00e9e Croze, Axelle Laffont, Matthias Dandois, Victor Meutelet, Wa\u00ebl Sersoub, Florence Thomassin In the south of France, three best friends in their 40s navigate loss and heartbreak while embarking on steamy affairs with much younger men. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Cold Feet","tags":" Moses Inwang Jim Iyke, Joselyn Dumas, Enyinna Nwigwe, Beverly Naya, Femi Adebayo, Segun Arinze, Padita Agu At a resort getaway, the fate of two couples collides when a wife unexpectedly runs into an old flame as he hesitates to propose to his girlfriend. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Dark Desire","tags":"  Maite Perroni, Erik Hayser, Alejandro Speitzer, Mar\u00eda Fernanda Yepes, Jorge Poza, Regina Pav\u00f3n, Paulina Matos, Leticia Huijara, Claudia Pineda, Esteban Soberanes, Claudia R\u00edos, Samantha Orozco, Fabi\u00e1n Merlo, Eligio Mel\u00e9ndez, Carmen Beato, Carlos Torres, To\u00f1o Vald\u00e9s Married Alma spends a fateful weekend away from home that ignites passion, ends in tragedy and leads her to question the truth about those close to her. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Skin Decision: Before and After","tags":"   Skin and beauty expert Nurse Jamie and plastic surgeon Dr. Sheila Nazarian use the latest procedures to bring out their clients' best selves. show,documentalshow,documental"},{"title":"Sunny Bunnies","tags":"  Svetlana Tsimokhina, Dmitri Davidovich Furry little bunnies hop through wild adventures as they find solutions, fun and sometimes mischief wherever there is light. foregin,family,comedyforegin,family,comedy"},{"title":"Sylvia","tags":" Daniel Oriahi Chris Attoh, Zainab Balogun, Ini Dima-Okojie, Udoka Onyeka, Lord Frank, Bolaji Ogunmola, Ijeoma Grace Agu, Omotunde Adebowale David When a man outgrows a childhood friendship and commits to marrying his girlfriend, obsession and spiritual warfare soon disrupt his peaceful life. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Players","tags":" Stefano Mordini Valerio Mastandrea, Riccardo Scamarcio, Laura Chiatti, Valentina Cervi, Marina Fo\u00efs, Euridice Axen, Massimiliano Gallo, Alessia Giuliani From campy lies to sexy surprises, this collection of vignettes captures the follies of several men as they fumble with fidelity and relationships. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Business of Drugs","tags":"  Amaryllis Fox To understand the origins and true impact of the business of drugs, a former CIA analyst investigates the economics of six illicit substances. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Urzila Carlson: Overqualified Loser","tags":" Hayden Guppy Urzila Carlson Stand-up comedian Urzila Carlson keeps the crowd roaring with her thoughts on recasting \"The Biggest Loser,\" sex tape regrets and boxed wine hangovers. comedycomedy"},{"title":"We Are One","tags":" St\u00e9phane de Freitas  Activists around the world fight injustice and drive social change in this documentary that follows their participation in the music video \"Solidarit\u00e9.\" documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Hole in the Wall","tags":" Andr\u00e9 Odendaal, Johan Vorster Andr\u00e9 Odendaal, Nicholas Campbell, Tinarie van Wyk Loots, Bheki Mkwane, Susan Coetzer, Botho Molohloane, Anna Davel, Nomboniso Paile, Dania Gelderblom, Hamish Kyd Diagnosed with colon cancer, a free-spirited man embarks on an illuminating road trip with his son through South Africa. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Dating Around: Brazil","tags":" Cassia Dian  In this reality show, six singles meet five different blind dates at trendy urban hot spots in Brazil. Who will they choose for a second outing? foregin,show,romanceforegin,show,romance"},{"title":"Down to Earth with Zac Efron","tags":"  Zac Efron, Darin Olien Actor Zac Efron journeys around the world with wellness expert Darin Olien in a travel show that explores healthy, sustainable ways to live. documental,show,documentaldocumental,show,documental"},{"title":"Mama's Boy","tags":" Amro Salah Hesham Maged, Shikoo, Mohammed Tharwat, Mahmoud Ellisy, Ahmed Sultan, Noor Kadri A man undergoes a heart transplant following a serious injury and begins to take on some of the donor's motherly characteristics. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Claudia Kishi Club","tags":" Sue Ding  Asian American creatives pay passionate tribute to the iconic, stereotype-busting \"Baby-Sitters Club\" character in this heartfelt documentary short. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Epic Tales of Captain Underpants in Space","tags":"  Nat Faxon, Jay Gragnani, Ramone Hamilton, Sean Astin, Dayci Brookshire, Jorge Diaz, Peter Hastings, Evan Kishiyama, David Koechner, Erica Luttrell, Brennan Murray, Nolan North, Gary Anthony Williams, Secunda Wood Best friends George and Harold \u2014 along with their classmates and tyrannical principal \u2014 are recruited for a mysterious mission in outer space. family,action,comedyfamily,action,comedy"},{"title":"The Old Guard","tags":" Gina Prince-Bythewood Charlize Theron, KiKi Layne, Marwan Kenzari, Luca Marinelli, Harry Melling, Van Veronica Ngo, Matthias Schoenaerts, Chiwetel Ejiofor Four undying warriors who've secretly protected humanity for centuries become targeted for their mysterious powers just as they discover a new immortal. actionaction"},{"title":"The Twelve","tags":" Wouter Bouvijn Maaike Neuville, Charlotte De Bruyne, Tom Vermeir, Mieke De Groote, Johan Heldenbergh, Zouzou Ben Chikha, Peter Gorissen, Piet De Praitere, Maaike Cafmeyer, Josse De Pauw, Greet Verstraete, Koen De Sutter, Isabelle Van Hecke, Lynn Van Royen Twelve jurors \u2014 ordinary people with struggles of their own \u2014 must decide the case of a woman accused of killing her best friend and her own daughter. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Japan Sinks: 2020","tags":"  Reina Ueda, Tomo Muranaka, Yuko Sasaki, Masaki Terasoma, Hiroyuki Yoshino, Kensho Ono After catastrophic earthquakes devastate Japan, one family's resolve is tested on a journey of survival through the sinking archipelago. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"The Protector","tags":"  \u00c7a\u011fatay Ulusoy, Ay\u00e7a Ay\u015fin Turan, Hazar Erg\u00fc\u00e7l\u00fc, Okan Yalab\u0131k, Mehmet Kurtulu\u015f, Yurdaer Okur Discovering his ties to a secret ancient order, a young man living in modern Istanbul embarks on a quest to save the city from an immortal enemy. foregin,romance,actionforegin,romance,action"},{"title":"Was It Love?","tags":"  Song Ji-hyo, Son Ho-jun, Song Jong-ho, Koo Ja-sung, Kim Min-jun, Kim Da-som, Kim Mee-kyung, Um Chae-young, Kim Young-ah, Kim Byung-choon When four very different men appear in her life, a single mother who hasn't dated in years begins to rediscover love \u2014 and herself. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Born Racer","tags":" Bryn Evans Scott Dixon In this all-access pass, IndyCar champion Scott Dixon and his team navigate the risks on the road in the quest to win it all. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Mucho Mucho Amor: The Legend of Walter Mercado","tags":" Cristina Costantini, Kareem Tabsch Walter Mercado Dazzling and tender-hearted, legendary astrologer Walter Mercado vanished at the peak of his fame. This documentary poignantly explains what happened. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Stateless","tags":"  Yvonne Strahovski, Jai Courtney, Cate Blanchett, Asher Keddie, Fayssal Bazzi, Dominic West Four strangers \u2014 a woman on the run, a brave refugee, a driven bureaucrat and a struggling dad \u2014 intersect at an Australian immigration detention center. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The Long Dumb Road","tags":" Hannah Fidell Tony Revolori, Jason Mantzoukas, Taissa Farmiga, Grace Gummer, Ciara Bravo, Casey Wilson, Pamela Reed, Ron Livingston Bound for art school, a sheltered student gets roped into the antics of a freewheeling mechanic who hitches a ride after fixing his car. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Dr. Seuss' The Lorax","tags":" Chris Renaud, Kyle Balda Danny DeVito, Ed Helms, Taylor Swift, Zac Efron, Betty White, Rob Riggle, Jenny Slate, Nasim Pedrad, Joel Swetow, Michael Beattie, Stephen Tobolowsky The forest-dwelling Lorax has to stop the short-sighted Once-ler from ruining the environment for profit in this adaptation of the Dr. Seuss classic. familyfamily"},{"title":"A Kid from Coney Island","tags":" Coodie, Chike Stephon Marbury From gifted athlete to professional NBA hooper, Coney Island's Stephon Marbury navigates the pressures, pitfalls and peaks of his basketball journey. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Aiyyaa","tags":" Sachin Kundalkar Rani Mukerji, Prithviraj Sukumaran, Nirmiti Sawant, Subodh Bhave, Jyoti Subhash, Satish Alekar, Anita Date, Amey Wagh, Kishori Balal, Pakoda Pandi An outspoken, imaginative girl from a conservative family pursues her dream man while fending off the prospect of an arranged marriage. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Bbuddah Hoga Terra Baap","tags":" Puri Jagannadh Amitabh Bachchan, Hema Malini, Raveena Tandon, Sonu Sood, Sonal Chauhan, Charmy Kaur, Prakash Raj, Makrand Deshpande, Subbaraju, Shawar Ali, Rajeev Verma A cooly confident aging hit man returns from exile in Paris to his old city, Mumbai, to revisit his past and perform one last job. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Blood Money","tags":" Vishal Mahadkar Manish Chaudhary, Kunal Kemmu, Amrita Puri, Shekar Shukla, Teeshay, Mia Evonne Uyeda Ambitious Kunal takes a job in the diamond business, but his life is thrown into turmoil when he's drawn into the seedy underworld of his new career. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Bombay Talkies","tags":" Anurag Kashyap, Dibakar Banerjee, Karan Johar, Zoya Akhtar Rani Mukerji, Randeep Hooda, Saqib Saleem, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Sadashiv Amrapurkar, Amitabh Bachchan, Ranvir Shorey, Katrina Kaif, Diana Penty A gay man deals with his sexuality, a struggling actor has an epiphany, a boy becomes a dancer, and a man tries to fulfill his father's dying wish. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Boss","tags":" Anthony D'Souza Akshay Kumar, Ronit Roy, Shiv Pandit, Mithun Chakraborty, Johny Lever, Aditi Rao Hydari, Danny Denzongpa, Govind Namdeo, Parikshat Sahni, Aakash Dabhade Disowned by his father as a boy, Surya is taken in by a crime boss. When his brother Shiv is wrongly imprisoned, his father pleads for Surya's help. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Budhia Singh: Born to Run","tags":" Soumendra Padhi Manoj Bajpayee, Mayur Mahendra Patole, Tillotama Shome, Shruti Marathe, Chhaya Kadam, Gajraj Rao In this thought-provoking biopic, an idealistic judo trainer adopts a boy from the slums and grooms him into the world's youngest marathon runner. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Chashme Baddoor","tags":" David Dhawan Rishi Kapoor, Ali Zafar, Taapsee Pannu, Siddharth, Divyendu Sharma, Anupam Kher, Bharati Achrekar, Lillete Dubey, Ayaz Khan When pretty new neighbor Seema falls for their shy roommate Sid, jealous womanizers Omi and Jai plot to break up the new lovebirds. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Dharam Sankat Mein","tags":" Fuwad Khan Paresh Rawal, Annu Kapoor, Alka Badola Kaushal, Auritra Ghosh, Naseeruddin Shah, Manoj Raghubir Sharma, Rushita Pandya, Murli Sharma After learning he was adopted from a Muslim couple, a Hindu man seeks his birth father but finds he must confront his bigotry to realize his quest. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Drishyam","tags":" Nishikant Kamat Ajay Devgn, Shriya Saran, Tabu, Rajat Kapoor, Ishita Dutta, Mrunal Jadhav, Prasanna Ketkar, Yogesh Sonam, Prathamesh Parab, Rishabh Chaddha An unexceptional man becomes a murder suspect when the son of a high-ranking police official who harassed his daughter goes missing. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Gabbar Is Back","tags":" Krish Akshay Kumar, Shruti Haasan, Sunil Grover, Kareena Kapoor, Ishita Vyas, Suman Talwar, Jaideep Ahlawat, Shruti Bapna After a vengeful college professor targets corruption in the government, he adopts the name \"Gabbar\" and becomes a hero to a weary public. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Gollu Aur Pappu","tags":" Kabir Sadanand Vir Das, Sandeepa Dhar, Dimple Kapadia, Kunaal Roy Kapur, Deepak Tijori Hapless brothers Gollu and Pappu stumble into a terrorist plot and end up being ordered to detonate a bomb, a task they are destined to bungle. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Hook","tags":" Rachit Kusonkoonsiri Peemapol Panichtamrong, Phiravich Attachitsataporn, Thime Pichitsurakit, Jidapa Siribunchawan, Yanin Opassathaworn, Jaturong Kolimart, Pete Thongchua, Ratchanont Sukpragawp, Kanyaphak Pongsak, Kittikun Tansuhas, Tanawat Cheawaram, Toru Takizawa, Noraworn Puangumpai Despite their fathers' rivalry, two university students form a friendship at a boxing gym as they tackle family drama, romance and personal crises. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Inkaar","tags":" Sudhir Mishra Arjun Rampal, Chitrangada Singh, Deepti Naval, Kanwaljeet Singh, Rehana Sultan, Vipin Sharma, Kaizaad Kotwal, Sujata Sehgal, Shivani Tanksale, Asheesh Kapur An ad agency CEO is put under investigation when his ambitious prot\u00e9g\u00e9e \u2013 and lover \u2013 accuses him of sexual harassment, vying for his top position. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Madras Caf\u00e9","tags":" Shoojit Sircar John Abraham, Nargis Fakhri, Rashi Khanna, Avijit Dutt, Prakash Belawadi, Ajay Ratnam, Siddartha Basu, Agnello Dias, Dibang An Indian intelligence agent journeys to a war-torn coastal island to break a resolute rebel group and meets a passionate journalist. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Mary Kom","tags":" Omung Kumar Priyanka Chopra, Darshan Kumar, Sunil Thapa, Kenny Basumatary, Shishir Sharma, Robin Das, Rajni Basumatary, Lin Laishram, Shakti Singh The daughter of a poor rice farmer overcomes the objections of her father and the demands of a male-dominated society to pursue a career in boxing. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Michael","tags":" Ribhu Dasgupta Naseeruddin Shah, Mahie Gill, Sabyasachi Chakraborty, Rudranil Ghosh, Iravati Harshe, Churni Ganguly, June Maliah, Purav Bhandare, Shridhar Watsar After a dedicated cop accidentally kills a 12-year-old boy, he's fired, harassed and forced to take menial work as he tries to keep his life together. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Mumbai Delhi Mumbai","tags":" Satish Rajwade Shiv Pandit, Piaa Bajpai In Delhi for the first time, a Mumbai girl loses her phone but gets a surprise chance at true love with a local boy who begrudgingly helps her. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Oh My God","tags":" Umesh Shukla Akshay Kumar, Paresh Rawal, Mithun Chakraborty, Om Puri, Apoorva Arora, Arun Bali, Honey Chaaya, Poonam Jhawer, Mahesh Manjrekar, Govind Namdeo Mumbai shopkeeper Kanji Bhai files a lawsuit against God when an earthquake destroys his store and his insurance policy won't cover the damage. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"One by Two","tags":" Devika Bhagat Abhay Deol, Preeti Desai, Lillete Dubey, Rati Agnihotri, Jayant Kripalani, Darshan Jariwala, Anish Trivedi, Geetika Tyagi, Preetika Chawla, Tahir Raj Bhasin The lives of a Mumbai man and woman who are both dealing with issues intersect through a TV dance show that she wants to win but he wants to sabotage. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Only","tags":" Takashi Doscher Freida Pinto, Leslie Odom Jr., Chandler Riggs, Jayson Warner Smith, Joshua Mikel, Mark Ashworth, Tia Hendricks, Richard Hempton, Noor Naghmi, Maggie Parto A couple must endure a self-imposed quarantine and elude authorities after a mysterious virus proves lethal to the world\u2019s female population. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Penalty","tags":" Shubham Singh Lukram Smil, Manjot Singh, Shashank Arora, Kay Kay Menon, Aakash Dabhade, Srishti Jain, Bijou Thaangjam, Mohit Nain, Ashwin Kaushal At a Lucknow college, an aspiring football player\u2019s dream of playing nationally is threatened when he faces discrimination for his Manipuri background. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Players","tags":" Abbas Alibhai Burmawalla, Mastan Alibhai Burmawalla Vinod Khanna, Abhishek Bachchan, Bobby Deol, Sonam Kapoor, Bipasha Basu, Neil Nitin Mukesh, Sikander Kher, Omi Vaidya, Johny Lever, Shweta Bhardwaj Learning of a fortune in gold being secretly shipped to Romania, master thieves Charlie and Riya assemble a crack team to steal it. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Pyaar Ka Punchnama 2","tags":" Luv Ranjan Kartik Aaryan, Nushrat Bharucha, Sonalli Sehgall, Sunny Singh, Ishita Raj, Omkar Kapoor, Sharat Saxena, Mona Ambegaonkar Three young bachelors find the reality of relationships to be far removed from the idea of true romance that they had once pursued. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Queen","tags":" Vikas Bahl Kangana Ranaut, Rajkummar Rao, Lisa Haydon, Mish Boyko, Jeffrey Chee Eng Ho, Marco Canadea, Sabeeka Imam, Yogendra Tikku Dumped by her fianc\u00e9, a sheltered young woman decides to go on her honeymoon to Europe alone, embarking on an exhilarating journey of self-discovery. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Shaitan","tags":" Bejoy Nambiar Rajeev Khandelwal, Kalki Koechlin, Gulshan Devaiah, Shiv Pandit, Kirti Kulhari, Neil Bhoopalam, Nikhil Chinappa, Rajit Kapoor, Rajkummar Rao, Pavan Malhotra When they're blackmailed after a hit-and-run, a troubled rich girl and her wild friends stage a fake kidnapping with a plan to collect the ransom. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Special 26","tags":" Neeraj Pandey Akshay Kumar, Manoj Bajpayee, Anupam Kher, Jimmy Shergill, Kajal Aggarwal, Divya Dutta, Kharaj Mukherjee, Rajesh Sharma, Kishore Kadam, Neeru Bajwa, Deep Raj Rana, Neetu Singh In this fact-based crime drama, a gang of con artists posing as government officials executes a heist in the form of a raid on a prominent jeweler. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Tanu Weds Manu","tags":" Aanand Rai Madhavan, Kangana Ranaut, Jimmy Shergill, Deepak Dobriyal, Swara Bhaskar, Eijaz Khan, K.K. Raina, Rajendra Gupta, Ravi Kishan, Navni Parihar When London-based doctor Manu reluctantly returns to India to find a bride, he meets the girl of his dreams \u2013 only to discover she loves another man. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"What the Fish","tags":" Gurmmeet Singh Dimple Kapadia, Vishal Sharma, Sumit Suri, Anand Tiwari, Deepti Pujari, Manu Rishi Chadha, Geetika Tyagi, Manjot Singh, Sabina Sheema A crabby woman leaves home for a vacation and entrusts her niece's fianc\u00e9 to feed her fish and adhere to a strict set of rules. He has other ideas. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Little Singham","tags":"  Swapnil Kumari, Jigna Bhardwaj, Sonal Kaushal, Neshma Chemburkar, Ganesh Divekar, Shaily Dube, Saumya Daan, Anamaya Verma, Parminder Ghumman, Pawan Kalra A spinoff of Rohit Shetty's action franchise, this animated series follows brave kid cop Little Singham\u2019s adventures as he defends his town from evil. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Cable Girls","tags":"  Blanca Su\u00e1rez, Nadia de Santiago, Ana Fern\u00e1ndez, Maggie Civantos, Ana Polvorosa, Yon Gonz\u00e1lez, Marti\u00f1o Rivas, Nico Romero, Borja Luna, Sergio Mur, Concha Velasco, Antonio Vel\u00e1zquez, Ernesto Alterio, Ira del R\u00edo, Angela Cremonte, Andrea Carballo In 1920s Madrid, four women at the National Telephone Company ring in revolution as they manage romance, friendship and the modern workplace. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Desperados","tags":" LP Nasim Pedrad, Anna Camp, Lamorne Morris, Heather Graham, Robbie Amell, Sarah Burns, Jessica Chaffin After drunkenly sending a cringeworthy email, hopeless romantic Wes heads to Mexico with her best friends to erase the note before her new love reads it. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Hunter in the Blue Side of Manchester","tags":" Rako Prijanto Adipati Dolken, Ganindra Bimo, Donny Alamsyah, Vonny Cornellya, Tania Staite, Maurice Bryrne, Kevin Bzezovski Taroreh To honor his father, a diligent college graduate takes on the daunting goal of becoming a reporter for an English Premier League soccer club. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"I Am Not Your Negro","tags":" Raoul Peck Samuel L. Jackson, Joey Starr Based on James Baldwin's unfinished book, this visual essay explores racism through the stories of Medgar Evers, Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"JU-ON: Origins","tags":"  Yoshiyoshi Arakawa, Yuina Kuroshima, Ririka, Koki Osamura, Seiko Iwaido, Kai Inowaki, Ryushin Tei, Yuya Matsuura, Kaho Tsuchimura, Takemi Fujii, Ryota Matsushima, Haruka Kubo, Shinsuke Kato, Nana Yanagisawa, Atom Shukugawa, Yura Anno, Tokio Emoto, Nobuko Sendo, Kana Kurashina A paranormal researcher searches obsessively for a cursed home where something terrible happened to a mother and her child long ago. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Southern Survival","tags":"   The BattlBox crew tests out products designed to help people survive dangerous situations, including explosions, natural disasters and intruders. showshow"},{"title":"The Baby-Sitters Club","tags":"  Sophie Grace, Momona Tamada, Shay Rudolph, Malia Baker, Xochitl Gomez, Alicia Silverstone, Mark Feuerstein, Marc Evan Jackson, Aya Furukawa, Jessica Elaina Eason Ann M. Martin's beloved books get a modern update in this series that follows a group of girlfriends and their homegrown babysitting business. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"The Perfect Picture: Ten Years Later","tags":" Shirley Frimpong-Manso Jackie Appiah, Naa Ashorkor Mensa-Doku, Lydia Forson, Adjetey Anang, Richard Mofe-Damijo, Chris Attoh, Gideon Okeke, Joselyn Dumas, John Dumelo, Beverly Naya From flawed husbands to shaky finances, new complications test a close circle of friends who must lean on each other in a new decade of their lives. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Supermarket Sweep","tags":"   In this iconic game show, contestants answer food trivia questions then race against the clock while stuffing their carts for massive grocery gains. showshow"},{"title":"Thiago Ventura: POKAS","tags":" Fabio Ock, Joana Mazzucchelli Thiago Ventura In a rollicking special, Thiago Ventura jokes about life in the hood, social issues and more, explaining how actions speak louder than words. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Warrior Nun","tags":"  Alba Baptista, Toya Turner, Lorena Andrea, Kristina Tonteri-Young, Trist\u00e1n Ulloa After waking up in a morgue, an orphaned teen discovers she now possesses superpowers as the chosen Halo-Bearer for a secret sect of demon-hunting nuns. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"#AnneFrank - Parallel Stories","tags":" Sabina Fedeli, Anna Migotto Helen Mirren, Gengher Gatti Through her diary, Anne Frank's story is retold alongside those of five Holocaust survivors in this poignant documentary from Oscar winner Helen Mirren. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"21 Again","tags":"  Laura Morgan In a social experiment, a group of daughters sends their mothers, disguised as 21-year-olds, into the world to experience life as a member of Gen Z. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"A Touch of Green","tags":"  Weber Yang, Cheryl Yang, Tien Hsin, Gabriel Lan, Wu Kang-jen, Cindy Lien, Wen Chen-ling, Hans Chung Amid the turmoil of China's civil war, families of Kuomintang pilots face the pain of leaving their homes but find strength in their shared bonds. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Abby Hatcher","tags":" Kyran Kelly Macy Drouin, Wyatt White, Paul Sun-Hyung Lee, Michela Luci, Christian Dal Dosso, Laaibah Alvi, Leo Orgil A big-hearted girl helps her Fuzzly friends who live in her family's hotel with exploring feelings, fixing mishaps and embracing their special quirks. familyfamily"},{"title":"Ad\u00fa","tags":" Salvador Calvo Luis Tosar, Anna Castillo, \u00c1lvaro Cervantes, Miquel Fern\u00e1ndez, Jes\u00fas Carroza, Moustapha Oumarou, Adam Nourou, Zayidiyya Dissou, Ana Wagener, Nora Navas Near a Spanish town in northern Africa, a child takes a painful journey, a father reconnects with his daughter and a coast guard is guilt stricken. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ali Baba ve 7 C\u00fcceler","tags":" Cem Y\u0131lmaz Cem Y\u0131lmaz, Irina Ivkina, \u00c7etin Altay, Zafer Alg\u00f6z, Can Y\u0131lmaz, Bahtiyar Engin, Fevzi G\u00f6k\u00e7e, Yosi Mizrahi A garden gnome vendor and his brother-in-law attend a trade fair in Sofia, where they accidentally stumble into shenanigans involving a mafia boss. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"David Foster: Off the Record","tags":" Barry Avrich David Foster From child prodigy to iconic music producer, David Foster shares the stories behind his success with rare footage and interviews with his collaborators. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Double Jeopardy","tags":" Bruce Beresford Tommy Lee Jones, Ashley Judd, Bruce Greenwood, Annabeth Gish, Roma Maffia, Jay Brazeau, Michael Gaston, Daniel Lapaine After being framed and serving time for her husband's supposed murder, Libby decides to kill her \"late\" husband for good. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Pek Yak\u0131nda","tags":" Cem Y\u0131lmaz Cem Y\u0131lmaz, T\u00fclin \u00d6zen, Ozan G\u00fcven, \u00d6zkan U\u011fur, Zafer Alg\u00f6z, Cengiz Bozkurt, Cahit G\u00f6k, Bahtiyar Engin, Mazhar Alanson, Metin Co\u015fkun, Tu\u011frul T\u00fclek An ex-movie extra plans to win his wife back by making a fantasy film, but neither he nor his crew has a knack for filmmaking. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Say I Do","tags":"  Jeremiah Brent, Thai Nguyen, Gabriele Bertaccini In this reality show, couples overcome obstacles to celebrate their love in surprise dream weddings designed by three experts in less than a week. show,romanceshow,romance"},{"title":"Stardust","tags":" Matthew Vaughn Claire Danes, Michelle Pfeiffer, Robert De Niro, Charlie Cox, Sienna Miller, Ricky Gervais, Jason Flemyng, Rupert Everett, Peter O'Toole, Mark Strong, Kate Magowan, Ian McKellen To win his true love's heart, wide-eyed Tristan Thorn journeys to a forbidden realm to retrieve a fallen star that has taken human form. action,foregin,romanceaction,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The F**k-It List","tags":" Michael Duggan Eli Brown, Madison Iseman, Marcus Scribner, Jerry O'Connell, Karan Brar, Tristan Lake Leabu, Peter Facinelli, Natalie Zea After a prank blows up a studious high school senior's life, he shares a list of certain things he wishes he'd done differently \u2014 and maybe still can. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Silence of Others","tags":" Almudena Carracedo, Robert Bahar  Filmed over six years, this documentary captures the struggles of victims who suffered abuse under Gen. Francisco Franco's regime as they seek justice. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Total Recall","tags":" Paul Verhoeven Arnold Schwarzenegger, Rachel Ticotin, Sharon Stone, Michael Ironside, Ronny Cox, Marshall Bell, Michael Champion, Mel Johnson Jr., Roy Brocksmith, Rosemary Dunsmore After getting a memory implant, working stiff Douglas Quaid discovers he might actually be a secret agent embroiled in a violent insurrection on Mars. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Trotro","tags":"   Trotro the donkey may be opinionated, but he's as sweet as can be in this animated series that's full of lessons for children. familyfamily"},{"title":"Under the Riccione Sun","tags":" Younuts! Cristiano Caccamo, Lorenzo Zurzolo, Ludovica Martino, Davide Calgaro, Matteo Oscar Giuggioli, Saul Nanni, Fotin\u00ec Peluso, Claudia Tranchese, Isabella Ferrari, Luca Ward, Andrea Roncato, Giulia Schiavo, Maria Luisa De Crescenzo, Sergio Ruggeri, Rosanna Sapia, Tommaso Paradiso While vacationing on the beaches of Riccione, a group of teens become friends and help each other manage romantic relationships and summer crushes. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"BNA","tags":"  Sumire Morohoshi, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Maria Naganawa, Kaito Ishikawa, Gara Takashima, Michiyo Murase Morphed into a raccoon beastman, Michiru seeks refuge, and answers, with the aid of wolf beastman Shirou inside the special zone of Anima-City. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"George Lopez: We'll Do It For Half","tags":" Troy Miller George Lopez Comedian George Lopez tackles the future and the past of Latinx culture in America, touching on immigration, his tough relatives, aging and much more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Homemade","tags":"   Acclaimed filmmakers from around the world channel their creativity during COVID-19 isolation with this diverse, genre-spanning collection of short films. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The Mirror Boy","tags":" Obi Emelonye Edward Kagutuzi, Genevieve Nnaji, Osita Iheme, Fatima Jabbe, Victor Carvalho, Felix Ceesay, John Charles Njie, Momodu Musa Ceesay A young boy is taken to his mother's birth home in Africa, where a mystical adventure in an ominous forest turns into a journey of self-discovery. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"#FriendButMarried 2","tags":" Rako Prijanto Adipati Dolken, Mawar de Jongh, Sari Nila, Vonny Cornellya, Clay Gribble, Ivan Leonardy, Sarah Sechan, Jourdy Pranata As Ayu and Ditto finally transition from best friends to newlyweds, a quick pregnancy creates uncertainty for the future of their young marriage. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Skin","tags":" Daniel Effiong Beverly Naya On a quest to find beauty in all complexions, actress Beverly Naya travels to her home country of Nigeria and explores colorism's impact on society. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Dark","tags":"  Louis Hofmann, Oliver Masucci, J\u00f6rdis Triebel, Maja Sch\u00f6ne, Karoline Eichhorn, Sebastian Rudolph, Anatole Taubman, Mark Waschke, Stephan Kampwirth, Anne Ratte-Polle, Andreas Pietschmann, Lisa Vicari, Michael Mendl, Angela Winkler A missing child sets four families on a frantic hunt for answers as they unearth a mind-bending mystery that spans three generations. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Ride Like a Girl","tags":" Rachel Griffiths Teresa Palmer, Sam Neill, Sullivan Stapleton, Stevie Payne, Brooke Satchwell, Magda Szubanski, Aaron Glenane, Damien Garvey, Sophia Crawford, Henry Nixon The daughter of a horse trainer, an ambitious girl sets her sights on becoming the first female jockey to win the Melbourne Cup. Based on a true story. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"All For Love","tags":"  Ana Mar\u00eda Estupi\u00f1\u00e1n, Carlos Torres, Yuri Vargas, Jim Mu\u00f1oz, Julio S\u00e1nchez C\u00f3ccaro, Alina Lozano, Valeria G\u00e1lviz, Juan Mill\u00e1n, Juan del R\u00edo, Mario Duarte A penniless country boy goes in search of his runaway sister in Bogot\u00e1, where he falls for an aspiring singer, but gets tangled up in organized crime. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Eurovision Song Contest: The Story of Fire Saga","tags":" David Dobkin Will Ferrell, Rachel McAdams, Dan Stevens, Melissanthi Mahut, Mikael Persbrandt, \u00d3lafur Darri \u00d3lafsson, Graham Norton, Demi Lovato, Pierce Brosnan Two small-town singers chase their pop star dreams at a global music competition, where high stakes, scheming rivals and onstage mishaps test their bond. comedy,music,romancecomedy,music,romance"},{"title":"Home Game","tags":"   This docuseries profiles unique and dangerous traditional sports from around the world, as well as the communities and cultures where they thrive. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Kasanova","tags":" Oluseyi Asurf Wale Ojo, Ireti Doyle, Alvin Abayomi, Toyin Abraham, Ruby Akubueze, Chimezie Imo, Tomiwa Tegbe After losing his wife, a single father indulges in flimsy flings until he meets his son's music teacher, who imparts a few lessons on love. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Ordinary People","tags":" Eduardo Roy Jr. Ronwaldo Martin, Hasmine Killip, Maria Isabel Lopez, Raymond Lee, Erlinda Villalobos, Sue Prado Barely making a living as pickpockets, a teenage couple in Manila resort to desperate measures when their one-month-old child is kidnapped. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Seven (Tamil)","tags":"   Multiple women report their husbands as missing but when it appears they are looking for the same man, a police officer traces their cryptic connection. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Thackeray (Hindi)","tags":" Abhijit Panse Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Amrita Rao, Rajeev Panday, Sanjay Narvekar, Rajesh Khera, Prakash Belawadi, Avantika Akerkar From controversial cartoonist to powerful Mumbai politician, this biopic maps the meteoric rise of far-right Shiv Sena party founder, Bal Thackeray. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Twogether","tags":"  Lee Seung-gi, Jasper Liu Paired together for an unforgettable trip across Asia, stars Lee Seung-gi and Jasper Liu become buddies as they connect with fans and local cultures. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Krishna and His Leela","tags":" Ravikanth Perepu Siddhu Jonnalagadda, Shraddha Srinath, Seerat Kapoor, Shalini Vadnikatti, Jhansi, Viva Harsha, Sampath Raj, Samyuktha Hornad Torn between his past and present girlfriends, a confused bachelor\u2019s indecisiveness spins a web of lies and cheating as he struggles to commit. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Prem Ratan Dhan Payo","tags":" Sooraj R. Barjatya Salman Khan, Sonam Kapoor, Anupam Kher, Neil Nitin Mukesh, Sanjay Mishra, Swara Bhaskar, Deepak Dobriyal, Arman Kohli, Manoj Joshi, Samaira Rao, Karuna Pandey, Sucheta Khanna While recovering from an assassination attempt four days prior to his coronation, a stern prince is replaced by a joyful and generous doppelg\u00e4nger. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Vivah","tags":" Sooraj R. Barjatya Shahid Kapoor, Amrita Rao, Anupam Kher, Alok Nath, Seema Biswas, Samir Soni, Lata Sabharwal, Manoj Joshi, Dinesh Lamba, Amrita Prakash Set up for an arranged marriage, a young couple enjoys an old-fashioned courtship, until an accident days before their wedding tests their nascent love. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Athlete A","tags":" Bonni Cohen, Jon Shenk  This documentary focuses on the gymnasts who survived USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar's abuse and the reporters who exposed USAG's toxic culture. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Bulbbul","tags":" Anvita Dutt Tripti Dimri, Avinash Tiwary, Rahul Bose, Parambrata Chatterjee, Paoli Dam, Veera Kapur Ee A child bride grows up to be an enigmatic woman presiding over her household, harboring a painful past as supernatural murders of men plague her village. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Crazy Delicious","tags":"  Jayde Adams, Carla Hall, Heston Blumenthal, Niklas Ekstedt In this competition show, daring home chefs tempt the food gods with reinvented classics and fanciful feasts in their quest to win a golden apple. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Nobody Knows I'm Here","tags":" Gaspar Antillo Jorge Garc\u00eda, Millaray Lobos, Luis Gnecco, Alejandro Goic, Gast\u00f3n Pauls, Eduardo Paxeco A former child singer, traumatized by his experiences, becomes a recluse, nurturing his hurt until a woman comes into his life and really hears him. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Eric Andre: Legalize Everything","tags":" Eric Notarnicola Eric Andr\u00e9 Eric Andre takes the stage in New Orleans and tackles flawed fast-food icons, the wonders of autofill and the bizarre choice for the \"Cops\" theme song. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Roswell, New Mexico","tags":"  Jeanine Mason, Nathan Parsons, Michael Vlamis, Lily Cowles, Tyler Blackburn, Heather Hemmens, Michael Trevino, Trevor St. John After 10 years, a woman returns to her sleepy tourist-occupied hometown and discovers her high-school crush is also an unusual foreigner. classic,drama,fantasyclassic,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Kappela","tags":" Musthafa Anna Ben, Roshan Mathew, Sreenath Bhasi, Sudhi Koppa, Tanvi Ram, Musthafa, James Eliya, Vijilesh Falling into an over-the-phone romance with a rickshaw driver, a young woman visits his city when an encounter with a stranger derails their meeting. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Royal Hibiscus Hotel","tags":" Ishaya Bako Zainab Balogun, Kenneth Okolie, Deyemi Okanlawon, Joke Silva, Olu Jacobs, Jide Kosoko, Rachel Oniga, Kemi Lala Akindoju, Ini Dima-Okojie, Toni Tones A disenchanted chef tries to help her parents restore their failing hotel but cooks up feelings for an investor with his sights set on the property. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"It's Okay to Not Be Okay","tags":"  Kim Soo-hyun, Seo Yea-ji, Oh Jung-se, Park Gyu-young, Kim Ju-hun, Kim Chang-wan, Kim Mee-kyung, Kang Ki-doong, Jang Young-nam An extraordinary road to emotional healing opens up for an antisocial children's book writer and a selfless psych ward caretaker when they cross paths. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Woodshock","tags":" Kate Mulleavy, Laura Mulleavy Kirsten Dunst, Joe Cole, Pilou Asb\u00e6k, Jack Kilmer, Steph DuVall, Susan Traylor, Joel McCoy, Michael Pavlicek Shattered after her mother's death, a woman floats away from reality under the effect of a potent, hallucinatory drug as her life decays into chaos. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Elevator Baby","tags":" Akhigbe Ilozobhie Toyin Abraham, Timini Egbuson, Shaffy Bello, Yemi Solade, Broda Shaggi, Sambasa Nzeribe, Ijeoma Aniebo, Blessing Onwukwe A chance encounter brings a brash, wealthy young man and an underprivileged woman together when they get stuck in an elevator and she goes into labor. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Babies","tags":"   From nature to nurture, this docuseries explores the groundbreaking science that reveals how infants discover life during their very first year. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Chaman Bahaar","tags":" Apurva Dhar Badgaiyann Jitendra Kumar, Ritika Badiani, Yogendra Tikku, Bhuvan Arora, Alam Khan, Dhirendra Tiwari, Ashwani Kumar, Bhagwan Tiwari A local shop becomes a hub for young men taken with the new neighbor. But as business booms, it may leave the equally smitten storeowner heartbroken. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Destiny","tags":" Youssef Chahine Nour El-Sherif, Laila Elwi, Mahmoud Hemeida, Safia el-Emari, Mohamed Mounir, Khaled El Nabawy, Seif Abdelrahman, Abdalla Mahmoud, Ahmed Fouad Selim, Magdi Idris In 12th-century Spain, a philosopher and his profound teachings jeopardize the caliph he serves when political rivals threaten a government upheaval. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Disclosure","tags":"   In this documentary, leading trans creatives and thinkers share heartfelt perspectives and analysis about Hollywood's impact on the trans community. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Feel the Beat","tags":" Elissa Down Sofia Carson, Wolfgang Novogratz, Donna Lynne Champlin, Eva Hauge, Rex Lee, Brandon Kyle Goodman, Lidya Jewett, Sadie Lapidus, Johanna Col\u00f3n, Shaylee Mansfield, Shiloh Nelson, Justin Allan, Carina Battrick, Kai Zen, Marissa Jaret Winokur, Enrico Colantoni, Dennis Andres After blowing a Broadway audition, a self-centered dancer reluctantly returns home and agrees to coach a squad of young misfits for a big competition. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Floor Is Lava","tags":"  Rutledge Wood Teams compete to navigate rooms flooded with lava by leaping from chairs, hanging from curtains and swinging from chandeliers. Yes, really. showshow"},{"title":"Lost Bullet","tags":" Guillaume Pierret Alban Lenoir, Nicolas Duvauchelle, Ramzy Bedia, St\u00e9fi Celma, Rod Paradot, S\u00e9bastien Lalanne, Pascale Arbillot, Arthur Aspaturian, Patrick M\u00e9dioni Facing a murder charge, a genius mechanic with a criminal past must track down a missing car containing the proof of his innocence: a single bullet. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Most Beautiful Thing","tags":"  Maria Casadevall, Pathy Dejesus, Fernanda Vasconcellos, Mel Lisboa, Leandro Lima, \u00cdcaro Silva, Gustavo Vaz, Alexandre Cioletti, Gustavo Machado A 1950s housewife goes to Rio de Janeiro to meet up with her husband, only to learn he's deserted her, but decides to stay and open a bossa nova club. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"One-Way to Tomorrow","tags":" Ozan A\u00e7\u0131ktan Dilan \u00c7i\u00e7ek Deniz, Metin Akd\u00fclger Two strangers cross paths on a train en route to Izmir, bonding over their turbulent \u2014 and unexpectedly intertwined \u2014 romantic pasts. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Emigrant","tags":" Youssef Chahine Khaled El Nabawy, Hanan Turk, Yousra, Mahmoud Hemeida, Safia el-Emari, Michel Piccoli, Ahmed Bedir Ram leaves the nomadic life and embarks on a quest for knowledge in a pharaonic Egypt mired in political intrigue. Based on a biblical story. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Politician","tags":"  Ben Platt, Gwyneth Paltrow, Jessica Lange, Zoey Deutch, Lucy Boynton, Bob Balaban, David Corenswet, Julia Schlaepfer, Laura Dreyfuss, Theo Germaine, Rahne Jones, Benjamin Barrett Rich kid Payton has always known he's going to be president. But first he has to navigate the most treacherous political landscape of all: high school. comedy,drama,showcomedy,drama,show"},{"title":"Wasp Network","tags":" Olivier Assayas Pen\u00e9lope Cruz, Edgar Ram\u00edrez, Wagner Moura, Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal, Ana de Armas, Leonardo Sbaraglia Based on a true and gripping story: Cuban spies infiltrate exile groups in the 1990s to stop terrorism against the island, but at a high personal cost. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"A Whisker Away","tags":" Junichi Sato, Tomotaka Shibayama Mirai Shida, Natsuki Hanae, Hiroaki Ogi, Koichi Yamadera, Minako Kotobuki, Susumu Chiba, Ayako Kawasumi, Sayaka Ohara, Daisuke Namikawa A peculiar girl transforms into a cat to catch her crush's attention. But before she realizes it, the line between human and animal starts to blur. anime,family,foreginanime,family,foregin"},{"title":"Alexandria ... Why?","tags":" Youssef Chahine Naglaa Fathi, Farid Shawqy, Mohsen Mohiedine, Ezzat El Alaili, Abdalla Mahmoud, Youssef Wahby, Yehia Chahine, Laila Fawzy, Mahmoud El Meleigy, Ahmed Zaki, Gerry Sundquist Living in Alexandria during World War II, an Egyptian teen enamored with American films dreams of making it in Hollywood. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Alexandria: Again and Forever","tags":" Youssef Chahine Youssef Chahine, Yousra, Hussein Fahmy, Amr Abdel-Geleel, Taheya Cariocca, Hesham Selim, Huda Sultan, Ragaa Hussein At the peak of his career, Yehia joins a hunger strike, becomes smitten and reckons with a creative crisis \u2014 but finds a new muse. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"An Egyptian Story","tags":" Youssef Chahine Nour El-Sherif, Magda El-Khatib, Yousra, Mohsen Mohiedine, Oussama Nadir, Layla Hamadah, Mohamed Mounir, Ragaa Hussein While undergoing heart surgery in London, Yehia reflects on his life as his heart chamber becomes a courtroom where he's tried for his mistakes. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Cairo Station","tags":" Youssef Chahine Farid Shawqy, Hind Rostom, Youssef Chahine, Hassan el Baroudi, Abdel Aziz Khalil, Naima Wasfy, Said Khalil, Abdel Ghani Nagdi A Cairo newsstand vendor's fantasies morph into a dangerous fixation with a lemonade seller as a serial killer begins terrorizing the city. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Dark Waters","tags":" Youssef Chahine Faten Hamama, Omar Sharif, Ahmed Ramzy, Hussein Riad, Ferdoos Mohammed, Aziza Helmy, Tawfik El Deken A fisherman returns home after a three-year absence only to find the woman he loves drifting away, the sailors feuding and his community unraveling. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Lola Igna","tags":" Eduardo Roy Jr. Angie Ferro, Yves Flores, Meryll Soriano, Maria Isabel Lopez, Royce Cabrera, Jojo Riguerra, Soliman Cruz, Armand Reyes An elderly woman finds her life disrupted when her family and village realize she has a chance at a world record for being the oldest grandmother alive. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"One Take","tags":" Manatsanun Phanlerdwongsakul BNK48 Members of Thai girl group BNK48 share the ups and downs of preparing for the 6th Single Senbatsu General Election. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Saladin","tags":" Youssef Chahine Ahmad Mazhar, Salah Zo El Faqqar, Nadia Lotfi, Hamdy Gheith, Laila Fawzy, Omar El-Hariri, Laila Taher, Hussein Riad, Mahmoud El Meleigy, Zaki Tolaimat The Sultan of Egypt and Syria launches a campaign to retake Jerusalem amid the Crusades. action,classic,dramaaction,classic,drama"},{"title":"Stray Bullet","tags":" Georges Hachem Nadine Labaky, Takla Chamoun, Hend Taher, Badih Abou Chakra, Rodrigue Sleiman, Nazih Youssef, Patricia Nammour, Pauline Haddad, Nasri Sayegh, Joelle Hannah, Inaam Germanos In 1976 Beirut, after a rendezvous with her old flame, soon-to-wed Noha witnesses a violent incident and changes course on a path to self-realization. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Blazing Sun","tags":" Youssef Chahine Omar Sharif, Faten Hamama, Zaki Rostom, Farid Shawqy, Abdel-Wareth Asar, Menassa Fahmy, Abdelghany Kamar, Hamdy Gheith, Mohsen Hassanein, Rafeaa El Shal Competition between sugar cane producers turns deadly after a greedy landlord conspires against an agricultural engineer who falls for his daughter. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Land","tags":" Youssef Chahine Hamdy Ahmed, Nagwa Ibrahim, Ezzat El Alaili, Tawfik El Deken, Yehia Chahine, Mahmoud El Meleigy, Salah El-Saadany, Ali El Sherif A group of peasant farmers fights to protect their village against a corrupt landowner. Adapted from the popular novel by Abdel Rahman al-Sharqawi. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Nut Job","tags":" Peter Lepeniotis Will Arnett, Brendan Fraser, Gabriel Iglesias, Jeff Dunham, Liam Neeson, Katherine Heigl, Stephen Lang, Maya Rudolph, Sarah Gadon, James Rankin When his grouchy attitude gets him kicked out of the park, Surly the squirrel hatches a plan to rob Maury's Nut Shop to stock up for winter. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Order","tags":"  Jake Manley, Sarah Grey, Max Martini, Matt Frewer, Adam DiMarco, Katharine Isabelle, Louriza Tronco, Aaron Hale, Devery Jacobs, Thomas Elms, Dylan Playfair, Ian Tracey, Sam Trammell Out to avenge his mother's death, a college student pledges a secret order and lands in a war between werewolves and practitioners of dark magic. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"An Evening with Beverly Luff Linn","tags":" Jim Hosking Aubrey Plaza, Emile Hirsch, Jemaine Clement, Craig Robinson, Matt Berry, Zach Cherry, Maria Bamford, Michael D. Cohen, Sky Elobar, Jacob Wysocki, John Kerry, Bettina Devin, Gil Gex When an unhappily married woman discovers a man from her past has a role in a local theater production, she'll do anything to reconnect with him. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Riding Faith","tags":" Paco Aguilar John Schneider, T.C. Stallings, Grace Van Dien, Marisa Brown, Jimmy Deshler Following her father's death, a young woman struggles to help her mother keep the family ranch afloat while preserving a special bond with her horse. family,drama,religionfamily,drama,religion"},{"title":"Last Flight to Abuja","tags":" Obi Emelonye Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde, Hakeem Kae-Kazim, Jim Iyke, Ali Nuhu, Jide Kosoko, Anthony Monjaro, Jennifer Oguzie, Uru Eke, Celine Loader When disaster strikes mid-flight, a commercial plane's frantic passengers confront their pasts and the possibility of death. Based on true events. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Darkness","tags":" Greg McLean Kevin Bacon, Radha Mitchell, David Mazouz, Lucy Fry, Matt Walsh, Jennifer Morrison, Parker Mack, Paul Reiser, Ming-Na Wen, Tara Lynne Barr After bringing home a set of mysterious stones from the Grand Canyon, a boy unleashes an ancient force that begins to terrorize his family. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Chase","tags":"  Brooke Burns, Mark Labbett Brooke Burns hosts this game show in which three contestants square off to answer fast-paced questions against \"the Beast,\" a trivia know-it-all. showshow"},{"title":"The Show Must Go On: The Queen + Adam Lambert Story","tags":"  Adam Lambert, Brian May, Roger Taylor With rare footage and candid interviews, this documentary details the serendipitous pairing of legendary rock band Queen and powerhouse Adam Lambert. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Underdogs","tags":" Juan Jos\u00e9 Campanella Ariana Grande, Nicholas Hoult, Matthew Morrison, Eugenio Derbez, Taran Killam, Bobby Moynihan, Bella Thorne, Jay Pharoah, Dan Patrick, Shawn Mendes, Brooklyn Beckham, Chazz Palminteri, John Leguizamo, Mel Brooks, Rupert Grint, Rob Brydon, Anthony Head, Ralf Little, Eve Ponsonby, Peter Serafinowicz, Alex Norton, Alistair McGowan, Ezequiel Cipols When his archenemy returns to settle a score, a foosball ace and his magically incarnated team must save the town and woo back his girl. family,sportsfamily,sports"},{"title":"Wira","tags":" Adrian Teh Hairul Azreen, Fify Azmi, Ismi Melinda, Hilal Azman, Dain Said, Yayan Ruhian, Henley Hii, Josiah Hogan After a long stint in the army, an ex-lieutenant returns home and enters an underground MMA match to take on a local mobster and protect his family. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"4th Republic","tags":" Ishaya Bako Kate Henshaw-Nuttal, Enyinna Nwigwe, Linda Ejiofor, Yakubu Mohammed, Bimbo Manuel, Sani Mu\u2019azu, Emil Hirai-Garuba, Rekiya Ibrahim Atta After the election-night murder of her campaign manager at a polling site, a gubernatorial candidate challenges the corrupt incumbent's victory. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Alexa & Katie","tags":"  Paris Berelc, Isabel May, Tiffani Thiessen, Emery Kelly, Jolie Jenkins, Kerri Medders, Finn Carr, Eddie Shin Alexa is battling cancer. But with her best friend, Katie, by her side, she's also starting high school \u2013 and ready for whatever comes next. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Asura Guru","tags":" A. Raajdheep Vikram Prabhu, Subbaraju, Mahima Nambiar, Yogi Babu, Jagan For a tech-savvy thief, elaborate robberies and evading the police are second nature until a private detective is hired to investigate his latest heist. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"How to Get Away with Murder","tags":"  Viola Davis, Billy Brown, Alfred Enoch, Jack Falahee, Katie Findlay, Aja Naomi King, Matt McGorry, Karla Souza, Charlie Weber, Liza Weil Brilliant criminal defense attorney and law professor Annalise Keating, plus five of her students, become involved in a twisted murder case. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Milea","tags":" Fajar Bustomi, Pidi Baiq Iqbaal Ramadhan, Vanesha Prescilla, Ira Wibowo, Bucek, Happy Salma, Farhan, Maudy Koesnaedi, Jerome Kurnia Years after his teen romance with Milea, a now-adult Dilan tells his version of their love story when a high school reunion brings them back together. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Axone","tags":" Nicholas Kharkongor Sayani Gupta, Lin Laishram, Tenzing Dalha, Dolly Ahluwalia, Vinay Pathak, Lanuakam Ao, Rohan Joshi, Adil Hussain, Asenla Jamir In Delhi, friends from Northeast India prepare a pungent delicacy for a wedding party, sparking conflict and comedy with their unaccustomed neighbors. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Da 5 Bloods","tags":" Spike Lee Delroy Lindo, Jonathan Majors, Clarke Peters, Norm Lewis, Isiah Whitlock Jr., M\u00e9lanie Thierry, Paul Walter Hauser, Jasper P\u00e4\u00e4kk\u00f6nen, Johnny Nguyen, Chadwick Boseman Four African American veterans return to Vietnam decades after the war to find their squad leader's remains \u2014 and a stash of buried gold. From Spike Lee. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"F is for Family","tags":"  Bill Burr, Laura Dern, Justin Long, Debi Derryberry, Sam Rockwell Follow the Murphy family back to the 1970s, when kids roamed wild, beer flowed freely and nothing came between a man and his TV. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Frank Elstner: Just One Last Question","tags":"  Klaas Heufer-Umlauf, Joko Winterscheidt, Lena Meyer-Landrut, Charlotte Roche, Daniel Br\u00fchl, Frank Elstner In his farewell show, legendary German host Frank Elstner digs deep and savors his discussions with stars such as Daniel Br\u00fchl and Lena Meyer-Landrut. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Jo Koy: In His Elements","tags":" Michael McKay Jo Koy, Andrew Lopez, Joey Guila, Andrew Orolfo Jo Koy brings the laughs and beats to Manila, spotlighting local culture in a one-of-a-kind show featuring Filipino American comedians, DJs and B-boys. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Okko's Inn","tags":" Kitaro Kosaka Seiran Kobayashi, Nana Mizuki, Satsumi Matsuda, Rina Endo, Etsuko Kozakura, Yoko Asagami, Teiyu Ichiryusai, Masaki Terasoma, Hirohide Yakumaru, Anju Suzuki, Osamu Shitara, Mikako Komatsu, Horan Chiaki, Koichi Yamadera, Fumiko Orikasa After losing her parents, a young girl learns about grief and healing from a friendly ghost who lives in her grandmother's traditional Japanese inn. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"ONE PIECE","tags":"  Mayumi Tanaka, Akemi Okamura, Kazuya Nakai, Kappei Yamaguchi, Hiroaki Hirata, Ikue Otani, Yuriko Yamaguchi, Kazuki Yao, Cho Monkey D. Luffy sails with his crew of Straw Hat Pirates through the Grand Line to find the treasure One Piece and become the new king of the pirates. animeanime"},{"title":"The Search","tags":"  Dar\u00edo Yazbek, Diana Bovio, Regina Bland\u00f3n, Adri\u00e1n Ladr\u00f3n, Ver\u00f3nica Bravo, Antonio Arochi, Mario Alberto Monroy, Vianey Rodr\u00edguez, Mar\u00eda Aura, Daniel Haddad, Fernando Bonilla, Olinca Vel\u00e1zquez, Damayanti Quintanar, Adriana Llabr\u00e9s, Alejandro Calva, Silverio Palacios, Edmundo Vargas, Anabel Ferreira When a girl vanishes from a suburb near Mexico City, the personal goals of some involved in the case muddy the search. Based on a true story. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Woods","tags":"  Grzegorz Dami\u0119cki, Agnieszka Grochowska, Hubert Mi\u0142kowski, Wiktoria Filus, Jacek Koman, Krzysztof Zarzecki, Ewa Skibi\u0144ska, Martyna Byczkowska, Roman Gancarczyk, Adam Wietrzy\u0144ski Evidence found on the body of a homicide victim sparks hope in a prosecutor that his sister who disappeared 25 years earlier could still be alive. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"From A to B","tags":" Ali F. Mostafa Fahad Albutairi, Shadi Alfons, Fadi Rifaai, Samer al Masri, Wonho Chung, Leem Lubany, Maha Abou Ouf, Ahd, Yousra El Lozy, Ali Suliman, Khaled Abol Naga, Madeline Zima To celebrate the memory of their pal who passed away, three estranged friends attempt to reconnect on an eventful road trip from Abu Dhabi to Beirut. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Menahi","tags":" Ayman Makram Fayez Al-Malki, Mona Wasef, Abdel Imam Abdullah, Reem Abdel Aziz, Dana Jabr, Emad Al Youssef, Remas Mansoor, Khalid Mengah A stranger to civilian life, a young Saudi farmer travels to Dubai, where he experiences a series of hilarious misadventures. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Curon","tags":"  Valeria Bilello, Luca Lionello, Federico Russo, Margherita Morchio, Anna Ferzetti, Alessandro Tedeschi, Juju Di Domenico, Giulio Brizzi, Max Malatesta After 17 years, a woman returns home with her teenage twins. When she mysteriously vanishes, her children must reckon with a shadowy family legacy. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"DC's Legends of Tomorrow","tags":" Rob Seidenglanz Victor Garber, Brandon Routh, Caity Lotz, Franz Drameh, Amy Pemberton, Dominic Purcell, Maisie Richardson-Sellers, Nick Zano, Arthur Darvill, Wentworth Miller, Tala Ashe, Adam Tsekhman, Christina Brucato, Simon Merrells, Nils Hognestad, Jes Macallan, Keiynan Lonsdale A mysterious \"time master\" from the future unites an unlikely group of superheroes and villains to save the world from a powerful evil. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Lenox Hill","tags":"   Four doctors at New York's storied Lenox Hill Hospital balance their personal lives and their dedication to their patients in this documentary series. documental,show,documentaldocumental,show,documental"},{"title":"Middle Men","tags":" George Gallo Luke Wilson, Giovanni Ribisi, Gabriel Macht, James Caan, Jacinda Barrett, Kevin Pollak, Laura Ramsey, Rade Serbedzija, Terry Crews, Kelsey Grammer An entrepreneur develops an adult entertainment online billing company \u2013 and winds up dealing with mobsters, the FBI, con men and terrorists. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"My Mister","tags":"  Lee Sun-kyun, Lee Ji-eun (IU), Go Du-sim, Park Ho-san, Song Sae-byeok, Kim Young-min In a world that is less than kind, a young woman and a middle-aged man develop a sense of kinship as they find warmth and comfort in one another. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Reality Z","tags":"  Ana Hartmann, Sabrina Sato, Luellem de Castro, Guilherme Weber, Em\u00edlio de Mello, Ravel Andrade, Jo\u00e3o Pedro Zappa, Julia Ianina, Pierre Baitelli, Jesus Luz, Carla Ribas, Wallie Ruy, Gabriel Canella, Nat\u00e1lia Rosa, Priscila Assum, Teca Pereira, Leandro Daniel, Hanna Romanazzi, Arlinda Di Baio, Erom Cordeiro, Enzo Romani With Rio de Janeiro under a zombie attack, reality show contestants shelter in a TV studio, where they must deal with more than flesh-eating hordes. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Witch: Part 1 - The Subversion","tags":" Park Hoon-jung Kim Da-mi, Cho Min-soo, Choi Woo-shik, Park Hee-soon, Choi Jung-woo, Ko Min-si, Oh Mi-hee, Kim Byung-ok The life of a seemingly ordinary high school student with a mysterious past is turned upside down when a group of strangers show up and wreak havoc. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Before I Fall","tags":" Ry Russo-Young Zoey Deutch, Halston Sage, Erica Tremblay, Logan Miller, Cynthy Wu, Kian Lawley, Jennifer Beals, Medalion Rahimi, Diego Boneta, Elena Kampouris, Liv Hewson, G. Hannelius, Nicholas Lea, Claire Margaret Corlett, Roan Curtis Forced to continually relive the day she dies in a car crash, a privileged high schooler must unravel the cosmic mystery of her suddenly looping life. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"365 Days","tags":" Barbara Bia\u0142ow\u0105s, Tomasz Mandes Anna-Maria Sieklucka, Michele Morrone, Bronis\u0142aw Wroc\u0142awski, Otar Saralidze, Magdalena Lamparska, Natasza Urba\u0144ska, Gra\u017cyna Szapo\u0142owska, Tomasz Stockinger, Gianni Parisi, Mateusz \u0141asowski A fiery executive in a spiritless relationship falls victim to a dominant mafia boss, who imprisons her and gives her one year to fall in love with him. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Forensic","tags":" Akhil Paul, Anas Khan Tovino Thomas, Mamtha Mohandas, Renji Panicker, Saiju Kurup, Reba Monica John, Pratap Pothen, Giju John, Sreekanth Murali A pair of officers with history navigates clues from the past, false leads and a ticking clock to nab an elusive serial killer who targets young girls. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Project Papa","tags":" Kanika Batra Rakesh Batra, Kanika Batra, Sneha Kapoor, Rohn Malhotra, Munira Sen, Anaitha Nair, Rajit Kapoor When a busy entrepreneur pauses her career to spend time with her aging father, both learn valuable lessons on happiness, love and living in the moment. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Queen of the South","tags":"  Alice Braga, Veronica Falc\u00f3n, Justina Machado, Peter Gadiot, Hemky Madera, Gerardo Taracena Forced to work for a cartel that recently killed her boyfriend, Teresa relies on her street smarts, a loyal pal and a mysterious notebook to survive. action,action,dramaaction,action,drama"},{"title":"The Night Clerk","tags":" Michael Cristofer Tye Sheridan, Ana de Armas, Helen Hunt, John Leguizamo, Johnathon Schaech, Jacque Gray After a charming guest checks in, a voyeuristic hotel clerk on the autism spectrum becomes a suspect in a murder that takes place during his shift. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"13 Reasons Why","tags":"  Dylan Minnette, Katherine Langford, Kate Walsh, Derek Luke, Brian d'Arcy James, Alisha Boe, Christian Navarro, Miles Heizer, Ross Butler, Devin Druid, Michele Selene Ang, Steven Silver, Amy Hargreaves After a teenage girl's perplexing suicide, a classmate receives a series of tapes that unravel the mystery of her tragic choice. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Before the Summer Crowds","tags":" Mohamed Khan Maged El Kedwany, Hana Shiha, Ahmed Dawood, Lana Mushtak, Hany El Metennawy Ahead of summer break, a couple heads to a seaside resort where intimate interactions with other villagers make for anything but a peaceful holiday. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Big Stone Gap","tags":" Adriana Trigiani Ashley Judd, Patrick Wilson, Whoopi Goldberg, John Benjamin Hickey, Jane Krakowski, Judith Ivey, Jasmine Guy, Chris Sarandon, Anthony LaPaglia, Jenna Elfman, Angelina Fiordellisi, Mary Testa, Dagmara Dominczyk, Mary Pat Gleason, Joe Inscoe, James Hampton, Paul Wilson A single middle-aged woman who has lived her whole life in a small Virginia mining town uncovers a family secret that alters her profoundly. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Choked: Paisa Bolta Hai","tags":" Anurag Kashyap Saiyami Kher, Roshan Mathew, Amruta Subhash, Upendra Limaye, Tushar Dalvi, Rajshri Deshpande, Vaisnavi RP, Uday Nene, Parthveer Shukla, Sanjay Bhatia, Aditya Kumar, Milind Pathak A bank employee weighed down by her jobless husband's debts \u2014 and her own broken dreams \u2014 finds a secret source of seemingly unlimited cash in her home. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Merry Men 2: Another Mission","tags":" Moses Inwang Ramsey Nouah, Ayo Makun, Jim Iyke, Falz, Uchemba Williams, Ireti Doyle, Ufuoma McDermott, Nancy Isime, Alex Asogwa To save a kidnapped loved one, a pack of wealthy men must return to their vigilante past when they are blackmailed to pull off a treacherous heist. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Queer Eye","tags":"  Bobby Berk, Karamo Brown, Tan France, Antoni Porowski, Jonathan Van Ness An all-new \u201cFab Five\u201d advise men on fashion, grooming, food, culture and design in this modern reboot of the Emmy Award-winning reality series. showshow"},{"title":"Supernatural","tags":" Phil Sgriccia Jared Padalecki, Jensen Ackles, Mark Sheppard, Misha Collins, Jim Beaver, Andrea Menard, Samantha Smith, Mark Pellegrino, Alexander Calvert Siblings Dean and Sam crisscross the country, investigating paranormal activity and picking fights with demons, ghosts and monsters. classic,action,suspenseclassic,action,suspense"},{"title":"The Last Days of American Crime","tags":" Olivier Megaton Edgar Ram\u00edrez, Michael Pitt, Anna Brewster, Patrick Bergin, Sharlto Copley, Brandon Auret, Tamer Burjaq, Terence Maynard, James Richard Marshall A bank robber joins a plot to commit one final, historic heist before the government turns on a mind-altering signal that will end all criminal behavior. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"BAKI","tags":"  Nobunaga Shimazaki, Takayuki Sugo, Bin Shimada, Rikiya Koyama, Takuya Eguchi, Banjo Ginga, Takehito Koyasu, Kenjiro Tsuda, Chafurin, Issei Futamata, Mugihito, Yoshihisa Kawahara, Sora Amamiya, Toru Furuya While martial arts champion Baki Hanma trains hard to surpass his legendary father, five violent death row inmates descend upon Tokyo to take him on. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Hot Sweet Sour","tags":" Anda\u00e7 Haznedaro\u011flu Bu\u011fra G\u00fclsoy, \u00d6zge \u00d6zpirin\u00e7ci, Yusuf Akg\u00fcn, F\u00fcsun Demirel, G\u00f6zde T\u00fcrkpen\u00e7e, Osman Alka\u015f, Rahmi Dilligil, Somer Karvan In love since childhood, a couple separates to pursue different paths but makes a pact to marry each other in five years if they are still single. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Overnight Republic","tags":" Murat Kepez \u00c7a\u011flar \u00c7orumlu, B\u00fc\u015fra Pekin, Ersin Korkut, G\u00fclhan Tekin, Mahir \u0130pek, U\u011fur Bilgin, \u00d6ner Ate\u015f, Hakan Ummak, Patrycja Widlak, Hamza Yaz\u0131c\u0131 A mayoral candidate wins office, promising to turn a small province into its own country as a war and wacky events with his wife and advisors ensue. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Can\u2019t Complain","tags":" Ahmed Nader Galal Ahmed Helmy, Menna Shalaby, Khaled El Sawy, Lotfy Labib Raised by a father to fraudulently act as one person, three identical brothers end up pining for the same woman as one triplet seeks psychiatric help. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Lady Bird","tags":" Greta Gerwig Saoirse Ronan, Laurie Metcalf, Tracy Letts, Lucas Hedges, Timoth\u00e9e Chalamet, Beanie Feldstein, Lois Smith, Stephen Henderson, Odeya Rush, Jordan Rodrigues An intrepid high schooler in Sacramento undergoes the trials of love, family and self-discovery as she dreams of escaping to college on the East Coast. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Spelling the Dream","tags":" Sam Rega  Following four hopeful competitors, this documentary explores Indian Americans' decades-long success at the biggest spelling contest in the U.S. family,documentalfamily,documental"},{"title":"Andaleeb El Dokki","tags":" Wael Ehsan Mohamed Henedi, Heba Nour, Dawood Hussain, Amr Abdel-Geleel, Mohammed El Sadaany, Mohamed Sherif Hassan Aiming for fame, a struggling singer finds his long-lost millionaire twin and falls for his brother's secretary as a plot brews to steal the fortune. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Let's Dance","tags":" Inas El-Degheidy Yousra, Tamer Hagras, Ezzat Abou Aouf, Hala Sedki, Marwan Azab Disillusioned with her humdrum routine, a married lawyer secretly enrolls in a dance school in this remake of the 1996 Japanese film \u201cShall We Dance?\u201d comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Life's Speed Bump","tags":" Wael Ehsan Ahmed Helmy, Nour, Ezzat Abou Aouf, Ahmed Rateb, Ahmed Saeed Abdel-Ghany, Menna Arafa Seeking job opportunities, a young man arrives in Cairo and becomes increasingly involved with the family of a wealthy businessman. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"My Horrible Grandma","tags":" Sameh Abdulaziz Shaimaa Abdelkader, Samiha Ayyoub, Fify El Sebaay, Emy Samir Ghanim, Mohamed Henedi, Bassem Samra As a man fumbles to keep things in order, his assertive grandmother tries to straighten out his life when she returns to live with him. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Sorry To Disturb","tags":" Khaled Marei Ahmed Helmy, Mahmoud Hemeida, Menna Shalaby, Dalal Abdelaziz, Mohamed Sharaf, Tarek El Tilmisany, Mohammed El Sadaany, Samy Maghawry, Ahmed Fouad Selim, Ahmed Ramah After losing his father, a genius yet troubled aviation engineer suffering from loneliness tackles a complex project: love. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Student Cop","tags":" Wael Ihsan Karim Abdel Aziz, Hassan Hosny, Ghada Adel, Maha Ahmed, Ramez Galal, Mohamed Ragab, Mohamed El Dafrawy Sent undercover to investigate suspicious activity among a group of college students, a police officer gets more invested in his role than expected. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"True: Rainbow Rescue","tags":"  Michela Luci, Jamie Watson, Eric Peterson, Anna Claire Bartlam, Nicolas Aqui, Cory Doran, Julie Lemieux, Derek McGrath True and Bartleby travel to the other side of the Neverending Rainbow to bring back Dillydally \u2014 a brave explorer who's the Rainbow King's best friend! familyfamily"},{"title":"What's Up?","tags":" Izidore K. Musallam Hisham Abdulrahman, Turki Al-Yusuf, Mais Hamdan, Khaled Sami, Mishal Al-Mutairi, Hind Muhamed Flirting with modernity, a young woman must keep her new romance a secret from her conservative brother, who plans to keep her in line with tradition. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"X Large","tags":" Sherif Arafa Ahmed Helmy, Donia Samir Ghanim, Ibrahim Nasr, Yasmin Raeis, Saeed Tarabeek After he is rejected by the woman he loves and obesity-related issues kill his uncle, a lonely, overweight artist undergoes a major transformation. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"122","tags":" Yasir Al Yasiri Amina Khalil, Ahmed Dawood, Tarek Lotfy, Ahmed El Fishawy, Mahmoud Hijazi, Jihane Khalil, Asmaa Galal, Tara Emad After an awful accident, a couple admitted to a grisly hospital are separated and must find each other to escape \u2014 before death finds them. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Cardcaptor Sakura","tags":"  Miwa Matsumoto, Motoko Kumai, Nozomu Sasaki, Hideyuki Tanaka, Junko Iwao, Emi Motoi, Yukana, Aya Hisakawa, Katsuyuki Konishi, Emi Shinohara, Sakura Tange, Ryoka Yuzuki, Minako Kotobuki, Yumi Toma, Natsuki Hanae, Issei Miyazaki, Tomokazu Seki, Kazuo Hayashi, Masaya Onosaka, Minori Suzuki, Megumi Ogata After a young girl breaks the seal of a magical book, releasing the spirits of the cards inside, she must become a \"Cardcaptor\" and retrieve them. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Chippa","tags":" Safdar Rahman Sunny Pawar, Chandan Roy Sanyal, Gautam Sarkar, Sumeet Thakur, Mala Mukherjee, Masood Akhtar, Veer Rajwant Singh, Joyraj Bhattacharya At midnight on his 10th birthday, a boy scours the lesser-known Kolkata streets in search of a father he\u2019s never met, carrying a letter he can\u2019t read. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Cook Off","tags":" Tomas Brickhill Tendaiishe Chitima, Tendai Nguni, Jesese Mungoshi, Eddie Sandifolo, Charmaine Mujeri, Kudzai Sevenzo, Fungai Majaya, Eugene Zimbudzi, Chimwemwe Chipidza, Kevin Hanssen, Zihlo, Michael Kudakwashe Yearning for a better life, a single mother with a passion for cooking gets a shot at greatness when her son enters her into a top reality cooking show. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Dear My Friends","tags":"  Shin Gu, Kim Yeong-ok, Kim Hye-ja, Na Mun-hee, Ju Hyun, Youn Yuh-jung, Park Won-suk, Go Du-sim, Ko Hyun-jung Life is ever-delightful \u2014 and ever-challenging \u2014 for a group of friends in their twilight years as they rediscover themselves through love and family. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Kalek Shanab","tags":" Hani Al-Shaibani Saad Abdullah, Mohamed Alkendi, Ammar Rahma, Maria Khan, Msabeh Bin Hashim, Hani Abd Al Ghani, Zayed Mohammed Mahmoud, Khaled Abdullah After a wild night of partying on the town, three buddies wake up to discover they've caused a whole mess of trouble \u2014 but can't remember how. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Megalobox","tags":"  Yoshimasa Hosoya, Shiro Saito, Hiroki Yasumoto, Nanako Mori, Michiyo Murase, Hiroyuki Kinoshita Created for the 50th anniversary of manga \"Ashita No Joe,\" mechanized human fighters known as Megalo Boxers battle each other for boxing supremacy. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Midnight Diner","tags":"  Kaoru Kobayashi, Toshiki Ayata, Mansaku Fuwa, Yutaka Matsushige, Ken Mitsuishi, Shohei Uno, Takashi Yamanaka, Kiyofumi Kaneko, Risa Sudou, Asako Kobayashi, Nahoko Yoshimoto, Joe Odagiri A scarred man operates a midnight diner in the backstreets of Shinjuku. No one knows his name or his story, but his customers each bring him theirs. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Mirai","tags":" Mamoru Hosoda Moka Kamishiraishi, Haru Kuroki, Gen Hoshino, Kumiko Aso, Mitsuo Yoshihara, Yoshiko Miyazaki, Koji Yakusho, Masaharu Fukuyama Unhappy after his new baby sister displaces him, four-year-old Kun begins meeting people and pets from his family's history in their unique house. action,anime,familyaction,anime,family"},{"title":"My Shy Boss","tags":"  Yeon Woo-jin, Park Hye-su, Yoon Bak, Gong Seung-yeon The isolated life of an extreme introvert is thrown out of order when his company hires a new employee: a cheery extrovert who's not all she seems. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Revolutionary Love","tags":"  Choi Si-won, Kang So-ra, Gong Myoung A third-generation chaebol falls in love with a woman who opens his eyes to the struggles of the working class and inspires him to make a difference. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Disaster Artist","tags":" James Franco James Franco, Dave Franco, Seth Rogen, Josh Hutcherson, Ari Graynor, Alison Brie, Jacki Weaver, Zac Efron, Hannibal Buress, Jason Mantzoukas, Nathan Fielder, Paul Scheer, Megan Mullally, Sharon Stone, Tommy Wiseau Aspiring actor Greg moves to Los Angeles with his strange friend Tommy, then agrees to star in his movie. Things start weird and get a lot weirder. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"The Stolen","tags":" Niall Johnson Alice Eve, Jack Davenport, Graham McTavish, Stan Walker, Richard O'Brien, Cohen Holloway, Stig Eldred, Emily Corcoran, Gillian MacGregor, Mikaela Ruegg A well-to-do British woman must venture into New Zealand's wild and dangerous unknown when her baby son is kidnapped and held for ransom. dramadrama"},{"title":"High Strung Free Dance","tags":" Michael Damian Juliet Doherty, Thomas Doherty, Jane Seymour, Harry Jarvis, Joshua Sinclair-Evans, Ace Bhatti, Desmond Richardson, Kika Markham A choreographer casts a contemporary dancer and a gifted pianist for a highly anticipated Broadway show as internal drama tries to steal the spotlight. drama,music,romancedrama,music,romance"},{"title":"Freej Al Taibeen","tags":" Ahmed Zain Ali Al Shehhi, Huda Al Ghanim, Muhammed Murshed, Yaser Alneyadi, Khaled Al-Nuaimi, Nasser Al-Dhahnani, Nawal Chamoun, Iman Husein Local rivals gear up to compete in a traditional game that tests their physical strength and endurance, but complications disrupt their training. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kenny Sebastian: The Most Interesting Person in the Room","tags":" Angshuman Ghosh Kenny Sebastian Fusing his musical and stand-up chops, Kenny Sebastian gets analytical about frumpy footwear, flightless birds and his fear of not being funny enough. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Space Force","tags":"  Steve Carell, John Malkovich, Ben Schwartz, Diana Silvers, Tawny Newsome, Jimmy O. Yang, Don Lake, Lisa Kudrow, Fred Willard, Spencer House, Owen Daniels, Hector Duran, Chris Gethard, Aparna Nancherla A four-star general begrudgingly teams up with an eccentric scientist to get the U.S. military's newest agency \u2014 Space Force \u2014 ready for lift-off. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Other","tags":" Youssef Chahine Nabila Ebeid, Mahmoud Hemeida, Hanan Turk, Hani Salama, Lebleba, Hassan Abdel Hamid, Ezzat Abou Aouf, Ahmed Fouad Selim, Amr Saad, Ahmad Wafiq When a graduate student elopes with a plucky reporter, his wealthy, possessive mother connives with his militant brother-in-law to wreck the union. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Can't Cope, Won't Cope","tags":"  Se\u00e1na Kerslake, Nika McGuigan, Sheila Moylette, Muiris Crowley, Steve Blount, Amy Huberman, Laurence O'Fuarain, Se\u00e1n \u00d3g Cairns, Hannah Sheehan, Peter Campion In Dublin, friends Aisling and Danielle must come to terms with adulthood when their millennial hijinks and hangovers begin to wear off. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Dorohedoro","tags":"  Wataru Takagi, Reina Kondo, Kenyu Horiuchi, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Yu Kobayashi, Kengo Takanashi, Miyu Tomita, Toru Nara, Mitsuhiro Ichiki, Hisao Egawa, Soungdok, Mayu Udono, Anri Katsu, Shinichiro Miki, Hozumi Goda, Tetsu Inada, Takuma Terashima, Ryohei Kimura, Yuki Kaji Amnesiac Caiman seeks to undo his lizard head curse by killing the sorcerer responsible, with his friend Nikaido's help. In the Hole, that's a threat. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Grandmother's Farm","tags":" Ahmed Zein Saeed Al-Sheryani, Yaser Alneyadi, Khaled Al-Nuaimi, Abdullah Al Hamiri, Abdullah Al-Ramsi, Muhammed Murshed, Meera Ali, Am Rashed, Amal Mohammed, Aisha Al Suwaidi A guys' getaway to an isolated farm in the desert goes from fun to frightening when a mysterious guest crashes the party. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Grandmother's Farm Part 2","tags":" Ahmed Zein Mansour Al Felei, Saeed Al-Sheryani, Yaser Alneyadi, Khaled Al-Nuaimi, Abdullah Al Hamiri, Abdullah Al-Ramsi, Salama Almazrouei, Am Rashed, Aisha Al Suwaidi, Muhammed Murshed After their haunting experience on a desert farm, a group of buddies escapes on a faraway getaway to seaside Fujairah \u2014 and right into more terror. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Intuition","tags":" Alejandro Montiel Luisana Lopilato, Joaqu\u00edn Furriel, Rafael Ferro, Maite Lanata, Juan Manuel Guilera, Abel Ayala, Sebasti\u00e1n Mogordoy, Delfina Chaves, Marita Ballesteros, Miriam Odorico Police officer Pipa works on her first big case while simultaneously investigating her boss, who is suspected of murder. The prequel to \"Perdida\". drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Mako Mermaids: An H2O Adventure","tags":"  Lucy Fry, Ivy Latimer, Amy Ruffle, Chai Romruen, Isabel Durant, Allie Bertram, Linda Ngo, Gemma Forsyth, Dominic Deutscher, Kerith Atkinson, Rowan Hills, Brooke Nichole Lee This \"H2O\" sequel follows Zac, a boy who accidentally turns into a merman and threatens the existence of three young mermaids who guard Mako Island. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"I'm No Longer Here","tags":" Fernando Fr\u00edas de la Parra Juan Daniel Garc\u00eda, Angelina Chen, Jonathan Espinoza, Coral Puente, Tania Alvarado, Fanny Tovar, Luis Leonardo Zapata, Yahir Alday, Leonardo Garza, Yocelin Coronado, Deyanira Coronado A terrible misunderstanding with a local gang sends 17-year-old Ulises, leader of a group hooked on cumbia music, across the border to save his life. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Hannah Gadsby: Douglas","tags":" Madeleine Parry Hannah Gadsby Hannah Gadsby returns for her second special and digs deep into the complexities of popularity, identity and her most unusual dog park encounter. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ne Zha","tags":" Yu Yang L\u00fc Yanting, Joseph, Han Mo, Chen Hao, L\u00fc Qi, Zhang Jiaming, Yang Wei Bound by a divine mandate, rebellious outcast Ne Zha grapples with his formidable powers and a destiny that would imperil his loved ones. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Supergirl","tags":" Jesse Warn Melissa Benoist, Mehcad Brooks, Chyler Leigh, Jeremy Jordan, David Harewood, Calista Flockhart, Emma Tremblay, Adrian Pasdar, Katie McGrath, David St. Louis, Odette Annable, Floriana Lima, Erica Durance To avert a disaster, Kara Danvers reveals her powers and true identity: She is Superman's cousin, now known as Supergirl, protector of National City. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Uncut Gems","tags":" Josh Safdie, Benny Safdie Adam Sandler, LaKeith Stanfield, Kevin Garnett, Julia Fox, Idina Menzel, Eric Bogosian, Judd Hirsch, Abel Tesfaye With his debts mounting and angry collectors closing in, a fast-talking New York City jeweler risks everything in hopes of staying afloat and alive. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Betaal","tags":"  Viineet Kumar, Aahana Kumra, Suchitra Pillai, Jatin Goswami, Siddharth Menon, Manjiri Pupala, Yashwant Wasnik, Savita Bajaj, Jitendra Joshi, Syna Anand Hired to displace tribal villagers to make way for a new highway, officials unearth an old curse and an army of British soldier-zombies. foregin,action,suspenseforegin,action,suspense"},{"title":"Dynasty","tags":"  Elizabeth Gillies, Nathalie Kelley, Grant Show, James Mackay, Rafael De La Fuente, Alan Dale, Sam Adegoke, Robert Christopher Riley The Carringtons and the Colbys feud for control over their fortune \u2013 and their children \u2013 in this updated reboot of the classic prime-time soap. dramadrama"},{"title":"One Day We'll Talk About Today","tags":" Angga Dwimas Sasongko Rachel Amanda, Rio Dewanto, Shelia Dara, Donny Damara, Susan Bachtiar, Oka Antara, Niken Anjani, Ardhito Pramono Harboring a deep secret, a seemingly happy family confronts the trauma of years past as a clash between generations threatens to separate them. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Si Doel the Movie 3","tags":" Rano Karno Rano Karno, Cornelia Agatha, Maudy Koesnaedi, Suty Karno, Mandra Naih, Aminah Tjendrakasih, Rey Bong, Akhmad Zulhoir Mardia Torn between reuniting with one family and leaving another behind, Doel must choose between the two women he loves. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"History 101","tags":"   Infographics and archival footage deliver bite-size history lessons on scientific breakthroughs, social movements and world-changing discoveries. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Living in Bondage: Breaking Free","tags":" Ramsey Nouah Swanky JKA, Kenneth Okonkwo, Ramsey Nouah, Enyinna Nwigwe, Nancy Isime, Shawn Faqua, Munachi Abii, Zulu Adigwe Mentored by an enigmatic tycoon, an ambitious young man faces a crisis when his rise in power draws him deep into the occult. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Modest Heroes: Ponoc Short Films Theatre","tags":" Hiromasa Yonebayashi, Yoshiyuki Momose, Akihiko Yamashita Fumino Kimura, Rio Suzuki, Machiko Ono, Sota Shinohara, Kentaro Sakaguchi, Joe Odagiri, Min Tanaka Two underwater siblings surviving on their own. A boy with a serious egg allergy. A man invisible to the rest of society. Three short animated tales. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"The Lovebirds","tags":" Michael Showalter Issa Rae, Kumail Nanjiani, Paul Sparks, Anna Camp, Kyle Bornheimer, Nicholas X. Parsons, Andrene Ward-Hammond, Catherine Cohen, Barry Rothbart When a couple in the fast lane to splitsville accidentally careens into a murder, they take off on a wild race to find the killer and clear their names. action,comedy,romanceaction,comedy,romance"},{"title":"Trailer Park Boys: The Animated Series","tags":" Norm Hiscock, Gary Howsam, Mike Smith, John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells Mike Smith, John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells, John Dunsworth, Pat Roach, Cory Bowles, Jacob Rolfe, Tyrone Parsons, Sarah Dunsworth, Jeanna Harrison, Marguerite McNeil Nova Scotia\u2019s favorite miscreants have always been super sketchy. Now, carrying on from the Season 12 finale, the boys have become complete cartoons. comedycomedy"},{"title":"#FriendButMarried","tags":" Rako Prijanto Adipati Dolken, Vanesha Prescilla, Rendi Jhon, Beby Tsabina, Denira Wiraguna, Refal Hady, Diandra Agatha, Sari Nila Pining for his high school crush for years, a young man puts up his best efforts to move out of the friend zone until she reveals she's getting married. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Bye Bye London","tags":" Almunsif Alsuwaisi Abdulhussain Abdulredah, Ghanem Al-Saleh, Mariam Al-Ghadban, Dawood Hussain, Entesar Alsharah, Mohamed Gaber In this satirical play, a wealthy Kuwaiti businessman travels to London for pleasure and encounters a host of eccentric characters. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Mujeres arriba","tags":" Andr\u00e9s Feddersen Loretto Bernal, Natalia Valdebenito, Alison Mandel, Mat\u00edas Assler, Cristi\u00e1n Riquelme, Diego Casanueva, Samuel Gonz\u00e1lez, Consuelo Holzapfel, Esteban Rojas, Amanda M\u00fcller A trio of best friends \u2014 a carefree bachelorette, a passionate mom and a perfectionist girlfriend \u2014 try to spice up their sex lives with their partners. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mystic Pop-up Bar","tags":"  Hwang Jung-eum, Yook Sung-jae, Choi Won-young, Lee Jun-hyeok, Jeong Da-eun, Na In-woo, Yeom Hye-ran, Park Eun-hye, Park Si-eun, Song Geon-hee, Kim Hee-jung, Ahn Tae-hwan A young man with a unique ability begins working for a centuries-old bar owner who resolves her customers' emotional troubles by entering their dreams. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"No Longer kids","tags":" Samir Al Asfory Said Saleh, Hassan Moustafa, Ahmed Zaki, Younes Shalabi, Nadia Shukri, Karima Mokhtar Hoping to prevent their father from skipping town with his mistress, four rowdy siblings resort to absurd measures to stop him. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Married Couples","tags":" Hassan AbdulSalam Samir Ghanem, George Sidhum, Sherine, Nagah El-Mogui Hailing from different classes, a young man and his wife try to find their version of happily married when both yearn to leave their old lives behind. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The School of Mischief","tags":" Houssam El-Din Mustafa Suhair El-Babili, Adel Emam, Saeed Saleh, Younes Shalabi, Hadi El-Gayyar, Ahmad Zaki, Hassan Moustafa A high school teacher volunteers to transform five notorious misfits into model students \u2014 and has unintended results. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Witness Who Didn't See Anything","tags":" Muhammad Fadl, Hany Motawie Adel Imam, Nahed Gabr, Omar El-Hariri, Nazim Sharawy, Badr Nofal, Saeed Tarabeek, Hala Fakher, Samir Waley Eldein, Sami Gawhar, Shawqi Shamekh, Nasr Seif Pressured by cops into testifying as an eyewitness to a neighbor's murder, a children's TV host takes on a new persona after the trial. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Anchor Baby","tags":" Lonzo Nzekwe Omoni Oboli, Sam Sarpong, Terri Oliver, Colin Paradine, Mark Cassius A Nigerian couple living in the U.S. face agonizing fallout when they defy deportation orders with the hopes of giving their unborn child citizenship. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ben Platt Live from Radio City Music Hall","tags":" Alex Timbers, Sam Wrench Ben Platt Backed by a full band and a ready wit, actor Ben Platt opens up a very personal songbook onstage \u2014numbers from his debut LP, \"Sing to Me Instead.\u201d musicmusic"},{"title":"Honeytrap","tags":" Rebecca Johnson Jessica Sula, Lucien Laviscount, Ntonga Mwanza, Naomi Ryan, Danielle Vitalis, Lauren Johns, Tosin Cole, Savannah Gordon-Liburd, Modupe Adeyeye New to London, a naive and desperate teenager tries to fit in but instead becomes tragically implicated in a merciless world of gang violence. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"I Will Follow","tags":" Ava DuVernay Salli Richardson-Whitfield, Michole Briana White, Omari Hardwick, Tracie Thoms, Dijon Talton, Damone Roberts, Blair Underwood, Beverly Todd Devastated after her aunt dies, Maye moves out of the home they shared and copes with her grief, yet finds comfort in the kindness of other mourners. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mutiny of the Worker Bees","tags":" Carlos Morett Gustavo Egelhaaf, Alejandro Su\u00e1rez, B\u00e1rbara de Regil, Mauricio Arg\u00fcelles, C\u00e9sar Rodr\u00edguez, Fernando Becerril, Anna Carreiro, Carlos Mac\u00edas, Jos\u00e9 Sefami, Raquel Garza When Omar's grandfather forces him to get a job at a tech company in Mexico City, he meets a quirky ensemble of nine-to-fivers ... and some nemeses. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Queen and the Conqueror","tags":"  Essined Aponte, Emmanuel Esparza, Kepa Amuchastegui, Manuel Navarro, Aroha Hafez, Ilenia Antonini, Alejandro Rodr\u00edguez, Cristina Warner, Juliette Arrieta, Fernando Campo, Camilo Jim\u00e9nez, Jairo Camargo, Adelaida Buscato Years after Spanish conquistador Pedro de Heredia betrayed her people and broke her heart, indigenous woman Catalina reenters his life to get revenge. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"What Are the Odds?","tags":" Megha Ramaswamy Yashaswini Dayama, Karanvir Malhotra, Abhay Deol, Priyanka Bose, Monica Dogra, Sulabha Arya, Manu Rishi Chadha, Ananya Melkote When two unlikely friends play hooky from school, accidental encounters and otherworldly events turn their day into a whimsical coming-of-age journey. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Either Me Or My Auntie","tags":" Saeed Hamed Mohamed Henedi, Donia Samir Ghanim, Hassan Hosny, Fadia Abdel Ghany, Alaa Morsy, Lotfy Labib, Nabil Issa, Hatem Jamel, Alaa Zinhom, Hala Sarhan A musician's marriage proposal to his girlfriend is denied by her mother, whose affinity for magic begins to meddle in their relationship even more. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Escaping Tel Aviv","tags":" Sherif Arafa Karim Abdel Aziz, Mona Zaki, Sherif Mounir, Entsar, Salem Klass, Sabri Abdulmonem, Kinda Alloush, Yasser Ali Maher, Kamal Suliman, Jerjes Jbara After her husband reveals he's an undercover Mossad agent, an Egyptian woman and their children are taken to Israel, prompting an urgent rescue mission. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Game Over","tags":" Ahmed Al-Badry Yousra, Mai Ezz El-Din, Ezzat Abou Aouf, Mohamed Nour A woman ends up working at the same nightclub as her son\u2019s girlfriend \u2014 who she doesn\u2019t like \u2014 and tries to break up their relationship. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Karkar","tags":" Ali Ragab Mohamed Saad, Hassan Hosny, Ragaa Al-Geddawy, Yasmin Abdulaziz, Alaa Morsy After electrocution leaves a wealthy man brain-damaged, his money-hungry aunt and uncle try to con him by marrying him off to a fake relative. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"My Sleeping Lover","tags":" Ahmad El-Badri Mai Ezz El-Din, Khaled Abol Naga, Hassan Hosny, Marwa Abdel Monem, Moustafa Haridy, Nahla Zaki, Ezzat Abou Aouf, Reda Hamed, Muhammad Qishta After undergoing hypnosis, Ramez finally meets the woman of his dreams \u2014 but his vision of her appearance doesn't quite match up with reality. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Omar & Salma 2","tags":" Ahmad El-Badri Tamer Hosny, Mai Ezz El-Din, Ezzat Abou Aouf, Marwa Abdel Monem, Hussien Elgohary, Mirhan, Maysara Now parents, Omar and Salma hit some obstacles while raising their two children and staying in love after the honeymoon ends. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Patton Oswalt: I Love Everything","tags":" Marcus Raboy Patton Oswalt, Bob Rubin Turning 50. Finding love again. Buying a house. Experiencing existential dread at Denny's. Life comes at Patton Oswalt fast in this stand-up special. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Sweet Magnolias","tags":"  JoAnna Garcia Swisher, Brooke Elliott, Heather Headley, Chris Klein, Justin Bruening, Logan Allen, Anneliese Judge, Carson Rowland, Jamie Lynn Spears, Dion Johnstone Lifelong friends Maddie, Helen and Dana Sue lift each other up as they juggle relationships, family and careers in the small, Southern town of Serenity. romance,dramaromance,drama"},{"title":"Tarek's Situation","tags":" Wael Ehsan Ahmed Helmy, Nour, Majdi Kamel, Khaled El Sawy, Mais Hamdan, Moataza Abdel Sabour, Youssef Dawood, Youssef Fawzy, Mohamed Sharaf, Osama Munir Asked by his boss to share a woman's personal information, a mobile phone sales rep falls in love with the target whose data he's stealing. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Beach Loafer","tags":" Ali Ragab Ahmed Helmy, Yasmin Abdulaziz, Mahmoud Abdel Moghny, Lotfy Labib, Soad Nasr, Rico, Ahmed Rateb, Youssef Eid A wedding singer and his friends try to prove his innocence after he's accused of murder, a situation threatening his own marriage plans. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Wadjda","tags":" Haifaa Al-Mansour Reem Abdullah, Waad Mohammed, Abdullrahman Al Gohani, Ahd, Sultan Al Assaf, Alanoud Sajini, Rafa Al Sanea, Dana Abdullilah A persistent 10-year-old wishes for a new bicycle so she can beat her friend (a boy) in a race. But it's going to take some ingenuity to get one. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Zaki Chan","tags":" Wael Ihsan Ahmed Helmy, Yasmin Abdulaziz, Hassan Hosny, Hasan Kami An unqualified young man has his work cut out for him when he is hired as a rich girl\u2019s bodyguard to keep her from the boyfriend her dad disapproves of. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Light in the Dark","tags":" Ekene Som Mekwunye Rita Dominic, Joke Silva, Ngozi Nwosu, Kiki Omeili, Kalu Ikeagwu, Emmanuel Essien, Saidi Balogun A terrifying home invasion shatters a couple's happy family life and brings their marriage to the brink as painful fallout unfolds. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Big Flower Fight","tags":"  Natasia Demetriou, Vic Reeves, Kristen Griffith-Vanderyacht Ten pairs of florists, sculptors and garden designers face off in a friendly floral fight to see who can build the biggest, boldest garden sculptures. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Patriot Act with Hasan Minhaj","tags":"  Hasan Minhaj Every Sunday, Hasan Minhaj brings an incisive and nuanced perspective to global news, politics and culture in his unique comedy series. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"The End","tags":" Mohammed Alhmly Mohamed El Hemaly, Abdulla Al-khudr, Ghadeer Zayid, Heba El Dorry, Abdulaziz Al-mesallam, Meshal Al-farhan, Meshal Al-Mujibel, Ibrahim Al-Sheikhly, Souad al-Husseini, Soliman Elyassin A wrongly accused man is pursued by a dogged investigator in this action-comedy featuring car chases, dark humor and more than a few vampires. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Boys Over Flowers","tags":"  Ku Hye-sun, Lee Min-ho, Kim Hyun-joong, Kim Bum, Kim Joon, Kim So-eun, Lee Hye-yeong, Park Ji-bin, Lim Ye-jin, Jeong Ho-bin Unassuming high school girl Jan-di stands up to \u2013 and eventually falls for \u2013 a spoiled rich kid who belongs to the school's most powerful clique. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Iris","tags":"  Lee Byung-hun, Kim Tae-hee, Jeong Jun-ho, Kim Young-chul, Kim Seung-woo, Kim So-yeon, Yun Ju-sang, Lee Jeong-kil Two friends' lives are changed forever when they are recruited by a top-secret organization tasked with protecting the country from foreign threats. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"Avatar: The Last Airbender","tags":"  Zach Tyler, Mae Whitman, Jack De Sena, Dee Bradley Baker, Dante Basco, Jessie Flower, Mako Iwamatsu Siblings Katara and Sokka wake young Aang from a long hibernation and learn he's an Avatar, whose air-bending powers can defeat the evil Fire Nation. classic,family,actionclassic,family,action"},{"title":"Heaven Without People","tags":" Lucien Bourjeily Farah Shaer, Jean Paul Hage, Samira Sarkis, Jenny Gebara, Laeticia Semaan, Nadim Abou Samra, Hussein Hijazi, Ghassan Chemali From long resentments to deep secrets, an overdue family reunion erupts with drama when the matriarch makes a disturbing discovery. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"I love you, stupid","tags":" Laura Ma\u00f1\u00e1 Quim Guti\u00e9rrez, Natalia Tena, Alfonso Bassave, Alba Ribas, Patricia Vico, Ernesto Alterio After Marcos is dumped by his girlfriend, he attempts to reinvent himself as a modern man with the help of a childhood friend and an online guru. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Inhuman Resources","tags":" Ziad Doueiri Eric Cantona, Suzanne Cl\u00e9ment, Alex Lutz, Gustave Kervern, Alice de Lencquesaing, Louise Coldefy, Nicolas Martinez, Adama Niane Alain Delambre, unemployed and 57, is lured by an attractive job opening. But things get ugly when he realizes he\u2019s a pawn in a cruel corporate game. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Madam Secretary","tags":"  T\u00e9a Leoni, Tim Daly, Bebe Neuwirth, Zeljko Ivanek, Erich Bergen, Patina Miller, Geoffrey Arend, Kathrine Herzer, Evan Roe, Wallis Currie-Wood When a highly capable woman becomes secretary of state, she struggles to find balance between the demands of world politics and those of her family. dramadrama"},{"title":"Magic for Humans","tags":"  Justin Willman From baffling people on the street to orchestrating elaborate tricks, Justin Willman blends good-natured magic with grown-up laughs. show,comedyshow,comedy"},{"title":"Parasyte: The Maxim","tags":"  Nobunaga Shimazaki, Aya Hirano, Kana Hanazawa, Kiyono Yasuno, Rena Maeda, Miyuki Sawashiro, Hiroyuki Yoshino, Atsuko Tanaka A teenager battles an onslaught of parasites from space with help from Migi, a docile parasitic creature that's taken over his right hand. anime,foregin,suspenseanime,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"She-Ra and the Princesses of Power","tags":"  Aimee Carrero, AJ Michalka, Marcus Scribner, Karen Fukuhara, Reshma Shetty, Lorraine Toussaint, Keston John, Lauren Ash, Christine Woods, Morla Gorrondona, Antony Del Rio, Dana Davis, Grey Griffin, Genesis Rodriguez, Jordan Fisher, Vella Lovell, Merit Leighton, Sandra Oh, Krystal Joy Brown Soldier Adora finds a magic sword \u2013 and her identity as legendary hero She-Ra. She joins the Rebellion, but her best friend stays with the evil Horde. family,action,fantasyfamily,action,fantasy"},{"title":"Sleepless Society: Two Pillows & A Lost Soul","tags":" Sivaroj Kongsakul Numthip Jongrachatawiboon, Vorarit Fuangarom, Bhumibhat Thavornsiri, Thanongsak Suphakan, Kanjanaporn Plodpai, Tosatid Darnkhuntod, Boonsong Nakphoo, Arachaporn Pokinpakorn, Annita Sarucha, Chidsanupong Sakulnuntipat, Nisawan Silpapearsue, Porntip Tipsiri, Thana Srisuke A motivational speaker about to divorce her abusive husband wakes up from a wild party one morning to find a dead body. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Strangers from Hell","tags":"  Lee Dong-wook, Im Si-wan, Lee Jung-eun, Lee Hyun-wook, Park Jong-hwan, Lee Joong-ok, Ahn Eun-jin Unpleasant events disturb the life of an aspiring crime fiction writer when he becomes a resident of an apartment building teeming with shady neighbors. foregin,foregin,suspenseforegin,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Wiggles","tags":"  Anthony Field, Lachlan Gillespie, Simon Pryce, Emma Watkins, Paul Paddick The top band for preschool kids, The Wiggles, entertains tots with spirited music, simple choreography and whimsical adventures. familyfamily"},{"title":"White Lines","tags":"  Laura Haddock, Nuno Lopes, Marta Milans, Laurence Fox, Daniel Mays, Angela Griffin, Juan Diego Botto, Pedro Casablanc, Bel\u00e9n L\u00f3pez, Barry Ward, Tom Rhys Harries Zoe Walker leaves her quiet life behind to investigate her brother's disappearance in Ibiza, where she quickly heads down a decadent and dangerous path. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Dilan 1990","tags":" Fajar Bustomi, Pidi Baiq Vanesha Prescilla, Iqbaal Ramadhan, Debo Andryos, Giulio Parengkuan, Omara Esteghlal, Yoriko Angeline, Zulfa Maharani, Brandon Salim At a Bandung high school, charming and rebellious Dilan vies for the affections of shy new student Milea. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Dilan 1991","tags":" Fajar Bustomi, Pidi Baiq Iqbaal Ramadhan, Vanesha Prescilla, Ira Wibowo, Bucek Depp, Happy Salma, Farhan, Maudy Koesnaedi, Jerome Kurnia Dilan's involvement in the motorbike gang imperils his relationship with Milea, whose distant relative returns from Belgium. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Fan of Amoory","tags":" Salmeen AlMurry Amer AlMulla AbdulRahman, Mansour Al Felei, Abdullah Bin Heider, Alhamadi Hamad, Alzaabi Matar, AlBloushi Mayed, Althogali Saif, Alaa Shakir Inspired by his idol Omar Abdulrahman, a young boy navigates obstacles as he chases his dream of becoming a professional soccer player. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Malang","tags":" Mohit Suri Anil Kapoor, Aditya Roy Kapur, Disha Patani, Kunal Khemu, Makrand Deshpande, Vatsal Seth, Amruta Khanvilkar, Shaad Randhawa Years after a police encounter separates him from his lover, an angry young man goes on a killing spree, with an equally vengeful cop on his heels. action,foregin,romanceaction,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Rencor tatuado","tags":" Juli\u00e1n Hern\u00e1ndez Diana Lein, Irving Pe\u00f1a, C\u00e9sar Romero, C\u00e9sar Ramos, Giovanna Zacar\u00edas, M\u00f3nica Del Carmen, Roc\u00edo Verdejo, Itat\u00ed Cantoral Armed with a thirst for revenge, a vigilante makes justice her business after being hired by various women to seduce and humiliate their rapists. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Delivery Boy","tags":" Adekunle Nodash Adejuyigbe Jamal Ibrahim, Jemima Osunde, Charles Etubiebi, Jude Chukwuka, Chris Iheuwa, Kehinde Fasuyi A teen criminal and a young sex worker forge an unlikely alliance during a night that forces them to confront painful pasts and crises of conscience. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Wedy Atkalam","tags":" Sadeq Behbehani Abdulmohsen Al-Qaffas, Jamal Alradhan, Jassim Al Nabhan, Layla Abdullah, Khaled Al-Buraiki A socially conscious film director struggles with his career as he faces numerous obstacles, including his social media-friendly significant other. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Fire in the Blood","tags":" Dylan Mohan Gray William Hurt Dylan Mohan Gray examines Africa's AIDS crisis and activists' battle with pharmaceutical companies to make life-saving HIV drugs more affordable. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Wrong Missy","tags":" Tyler Spindel David Spade, Lauren Lapkus, Nick Swardson, Geoff Pierson, Jackie Sandler, Sarah Chalke, Rob Schneider, Chris Witaske, Joe Anoa'i, Molly Sims Tim thinks he's invited the woman of his dreams on a work retreat to Hawaii, realizing too late he mistakenly texted someone from a nightmare blind date. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Ali & Alia","tags":" Hussein El Ansary Khalifa Albhri, Neven Madi, Talal Mahmood, Sawsan Saad, Fatma Hassan Drugs and addiction endanger the love \u2014 and lives \u2014 of two childhood sweethearts struggling to survive the perils of a precarious world. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"True: Terrific Tales","tags":"  Michela Luci, Jamie Watson, Eric Peterson, Anna Claire Bartlam, Nicolas Aqui, Cory Doran, Julie Lemieux, Derek McGrath Through the magic of the Story Spinner, True and her friends create their own versions of Pinocchio, Little Red Riding Hood and other classic tales. familyfamily"},{"title":"Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt: Kimmy vs. the Reverend","tags":" Claire Scanlon Ellie Kemper, Jane Krakowski, Tituss Burgess, Carol Kane, Jon Hamm, Daniel Radcliffe, Lauren Adams, Sara Chase, Sol Miranda, Amy Sedaris, Mike Carlsen, Dylan Gelula, Chris Parnell, Heidi Gardner, Jack McBrayer, Zak Orth, Fred Armisen, Johnny Knoxville It's an interactive Kimmy special! Kimmy's getting married, but first she has to foil the Reverend's evil plot. It's your move: What should she do next? comedycomedy"},{"title":"Action Replayy","tags":" Vipul Amrutlal Shah Akshay Kumar, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Om Puri, Kiron Kher, Neha Dhupia, Rannvijay Singh, Aditya Roy Kapur, Sudeepa Singh, Randhir Kapoor, Rajpal Yadav Sick of his parents\u2019 constant squabbling, a young man travels back in time to the onset of their romance, with plans to set them up for marital bliss. family,comedy,foreginfamily,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Andaz Apna Apna","tags":" Rajkumar Santoshi Aamir Khan, Salman Khan, Raveena Tandon, Karisma Kapoor, Paresh Rawal, Mehmood, Deven Verma, Jagdeep, Shakti Kapoor Broke and with no concrete plans for the future, two young men discover that a stunning heiress lives nearby and try to charm her into marriage. action,comedy,classicaction,comedy,classic"},{"title":"Bordertown","tags":"  Ville Virtanen, Matleena Kuusniemi, Anu Sinisalo, Lenita Susi, Kristiina Halttu, Olivia Ainali, Ilkka Villi, Max Bremer, Matti Laine, Jasmin Hamid A gifted detective takes a job in a small town so he can spend more time with his family. But he's soon drawn into a web of disturbing murder cases. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Have a Good Trip: Adventures in Psychedelics","tags":" Donick Cary Nick Offerman, Adam Scott Explore hallucinogenic highs and lows as celebrities share funny, mind-blowing tales via animations, reenactments and more in this documentary. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Trial By Media","tags":"   In this true crime docuseries, some of the most dramatic trials of all time are examined with an emphasis on how the media may have impacted verdicts. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"John Henry","tags":" Will Forbes Terry Crews, Ludacris, Jamila Velazquez, J.J. Soria, Ken Foree, Daffany Clark, Kimberly H\u00e9bert-Gregory, Tyler Alvarez A reformed LA gang member upends his peaceful new life when he steps in to protect two young immigrants from his violent former leader. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"18 Presents","tags":" Francesco Amato Vittoria Puccini, Benedetta Porcaroli, Edoardo Leo, Sara Lazzaro, Marco Messeri, Betty Pedrazzi, Alessandro Giallocosta, Filippo Gili, Giacomo Rosselli A pregnant mother with terminal cancer leaves behind 18 sentimental gifts for her unborn daughter to receive every birthday until she reaches womanhood. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Dead to Me","tags":"  Christina Applegate, Linda Cardellini, James Marsden, Max Jenkins, Sam McCarthy, Luke Roessler, Edward Asner A hotheaded widow searching for the hit-and-run driver who mowed down her husband befriends an eccentric optimist who isn't quite what she seems. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Restaurants on the Edge","tags":"  Nick Liberato, Karin Bohn, Dennis Prescott Three food and design experts travel the world to revive failing restaurants by connecting them to the local culture beyond their gorgeous views. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The Eddy","tags":" Damien Chazelle, Houda Benyamina, La\u00efla Marrakchi, Alan Poul Andr\u00e9 Holland, Joanna Kulig, Amandla Stenberg, Le\u00efla Bekhti, Tahar Rahim, Benjamin Biolay, Adil Dehbi, Melissa George, Lada Obradovic, Tch\u00e9ky Karyo, Randy Kerber, Elyes Aguis, Damian Nueva Cortes The owner of a Paris jazz club gets tangled up with dangerous criminals as he fights to protect his business, his band and his teenage daughter. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The Hollow","tags":"  Adrian Petriw, Ashleigh Ball, Connor Parnall, Mark Hildreth, Alex Barima, Jesse Moss, Diana Kaarina, Brian Dobson Three teens join forces to find a way home after waking up in a strange realm filled with magic portals, perplexing puzzles and vicious beasts. family,suspensefamily,suspense"},{"title":"Aerials","tags":" S.A. Zaidi Saga Alyasery, Ana Druzhynina, Mansour Al Felei, Mohammad Abu Diak, Pascale Matar, Luke Coutts, Abeer Mohammed Dubai residents struggle to figure out why a fleet of alien spaceships are hovering over their city when all contact with the outside world is cut off. foregin,fantasyforegin,fantasy"},{"title":"In Paradox","tags":" Hamad AlSarraf Faisal Al Omairi, Jafra Younes, Samr Ismaiel, Ghanim Alzerlli, Jaber Jokhadar, Nawar Youssef, Jassim Al Nabhan, Fayez Kazak, Nancy Khoury, Jamal Hamdan On the run from assailants, a man desperately seeks to take control of his strange memories before they consume his life \u2014 and sanity. foregin,fantasy,suspenseforegin,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Scissor Seven","tags":" He Xiaofeng He Xiaofeng, Jiang Guangtao, Duan Yixuan, Zhu Rongrong, Wen Sen, Jiang Huiqin, Ban Ma, Ronny Chieng, Shinji Saito, Daniel Sosa Seeking to recover his memory, a scissor-wielding, hairdressing, bungling quasi-assassin stumbles into a struggle for power among feuding factions. foregin,action,comedyforegin,action,comedy"},{"title":"Si Doel the Movie","tags":" Rano Karno Rano Karno, Mandra Naih, Cornelia Agatha, Maudy Koesnaedi, Aminah Tjendrakasih, Suty Karno, Salman Alfarizi, Adam Jagwani Fourteen years after the woman he loved left him, a married man ventures to Amsterdam to find her but must decide where his heart lies. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Becoming","tags":" Nadia Hallgren Michelle Obama Join former first lady Michelle Obama in an intimate documentary looking at her life, hopes and connection with others as she tours with \"Becoming.\" documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Jerry Seinfeld: 23 Hours To Kill","tags":" Joe DeMaio Jerry Seinfeld Jerry Seinfeld takes the stage in New York and tackles talking vs. texting, bad buffets vs. so-called \"great\" restaurants and the magic of Pop Tarts. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Arctic Dogs","tags":" Aaron Woodley Jeremy Renner, Heidi Klum, James Franco, John Cleese, Omar Sy, Michael Madsen, Laurie Holden, Anjelica Huston, Alec Baldwin, Donny Falsetti When he stumbles upon evil Otto Von Walrus's scheme to melt the Arctic, ambitious delivery fox Swifty assembles a ragtag crew to protect the planet. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Luccas Neto em: Acampamento de F\u00e9rias 2","tags":" Lucas Margutti Luccas Neto, Giovanna Alparone, J\u00e9ssica Diehl, Vivian Duarte Luccas and his band of buddies make music and mischief at a new summer camp, where they face off with talented rivals and their tough coach. family,comedy,musicfamily,comedy,music"},{"title":"One Day: Justice Delivered","tags":" Ashok Nanda Anupam Kher, Esha Gupta, Kumud Mishra, Kashyap Bharbhaya, Anusmiritu Sarkar, Zakir Hussain, Rajesh Sharma, Murli Sharma, Ananth Narayan Mahadevan, Deepshikha A former judge in retirement finds and punishes the culprits he could not convict in court, spurring a crime branch officer to investigate. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Almost Happy","tags":" Hern\u00e1n Guerschuny Sebasti\u00e1n Wainraich, Natalie P\u00e9rez, Santiago Korovsky Sebasti\u00e1n is a radio show host of modest fame, trying to find a way in the world as he deals with his ex-wife (whom he still loves) and two kids. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Bennett's War","tags":" Alex Ranarivelo Michael Roark, Trace Adkins, Ali Afshar, Allison Paige, Tony Panterra, Brando Eaton, Hunter Clowdus, Michael King A medically discharged soldier attempts an improbable return to motorcycle racing to win enough prize money to save his father's farm. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Death Can Wait","tags":" Fernando Ayll\u00f3n Ricardo Quevedo, Nelson Polan\u00eda, Liss Pereira, Brian Moreno, Ana Cristina Botero, Jairo Ord\u00f3\u00f1ez, Luis Alberto Saavedra, Blanca Ligia Franco, Marianne Schaller Romero, Shirley Marulanda After learning he may die soon, a modest accountant pulls off a shady money scheme and heads to Europe, where he's faced with a life-or-death situation. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Lady Driver","tags":" Shaun Paul Piccinino Grace Van Dien, Sean Patrick Flanery, Christina Moore, Casper Van Dien, Amanda Detmer, John Ducey, Matthew Joel Kranyak, David Gridley When a rebellious teen searches for her unknown roots, it leads her to the sport of dirt track racing and a discovery she didn't expect. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Mike Birbiglia: My Girlfriend's Boyfriend","tags":" Seth Barrish Mike Birbiglia On this painfully honest but hilarious journey, Birbiglia struggles to find reason in an area where it may be impossible to find: love. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Roped","tags":" Shaun Paul Piccinino Josh Swickard, Casper Van Dien, Lorynn York, Christina Moore, John Schneider, Michael Roark, Shane Graham, Cooper Lundeen, Javicia Leslie, Spencer Neville A star cowboy in a traveling rodeo gets thrown off course when he falls in love with the daughter of a tough-minded town councilman. family,drama,romancefamily,drama,romance"},{"title":"The Stand at Paxton County","tags":" Brett Hedlund Jacqueline Toboni, Michael O'Neill, Tyler Jacob Moore, Christopher McDonald, Sean O'Bryan, Blake Sheldon, Zoe Kanters, Greg Perrow, Tanner Thomason A military veteran comes home to find her father harassed by a sheriff intent on confiscating the livestock on their ranch under shady pretenses. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"WWII in HD","tags":"  Gary Sinise, Rob Lowe, Josh Lucas, Justin Bartha, Amy Smart, LL Cool J, Steve Zahn, Jason Ritter, Ron Livingston, Tim DeKay, Mark Hefti, James Kyson, Rob Corddry Rare color footage interwoven with firsthand interviews and diary entries bring to life the global sweep of World War II via those who were there. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"All Day and a Night","tags":" Joe Robert Cole Jeffrey Wright, Ashton Sanders, Regina Taylor, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Isaiah John, Kelly Jenrette, Shakira Ja-nai Paye While serving life in prison, a young man looks back at the people, the circumstances and the system that set him on the path toward his crime. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Cracked Up: The Darrell Hammond Story","tags":" Michelle Esrick Darrell Hammond \"Saturday Night Live\" star Darrell Hammond reveals the extreme abuse he suffered during childhood, a trauma that nearly destroyed his life as an adult. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Get In","tags":" Olivier Abbou Adama Niane, St\u00e9phane Caillard, Paul Hamy, Eddy Leduc, Hubert Delattre, Matthieu Kacou, Charlotte Geiger, Christopher Fataki When he returns from vacation and finds his home occupied by squatters, a family man is caught in a conflict that escalates to terrifying heights. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Go! Go! Cory Carson: The Chrissy","tags":" Alex Woo, Stanley Moore Alan C. Lim, Maisie Benson, Kerry Gudjohnsen, Terrance Smith, Paul Killam, Omari Weaver, Ella Joy Ballesteros, Smith Foreman, Stanley Moore The Carson kids win a talent show with a dance that Cory created. But when \"The Chrissy\" catches on, his little sister gets all of the attention. familyfamily"},{"title":"Hollywood","tags":"  David Corenswet, Darren Criss, Patti LuPone, Jeremy Pope, Jim Parsons, Laura Harrier, Joe Mantello, Dylan McDermott, Jake Picking, Holland Taylor, Samara Weaving In post-World War II Hollywood, an ambitious group of aspiring actors and filmmakers will do almost anything to make their showbiz dreams come true. dramadrama"},{"title":"I Am Divine","tags":" Jeffrey Schwarz  This captivating documentary explores the life and work of filmmaker John Waters's muse: internationally celebrated drag superstar Divine. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa","tags":" Eric Darnell, Tom McGrath Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, David Schwimmer, Jada Pinkett Smith, Sacha Baron Cohen, Cedric the Entertainer, Andy Richter, Bernie Mac, Alec Baldwin, Sherri Shepherd A botched rescue strands Alex the lion and his companions in Africa. Sadly, Alex discovers he has little in common with the locals. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Masha and the Bear","tags":"  Alina Kukushkina, Boris Kutnevich, Giselle Nieto, Elsie Fisher Lively little Masha lives near the forest, where she has many wonderful adventures with her best friend, a bear who used to be in the circus. familyfamily"},{"title":"Material","tags":" Craig Freimond Vincent Ebrahim, Riaad Moosa, Joey Rasdien, Denise Newman, Krijay Govender, Nik Rabinowitz, Zakeeya Patel, Carishma Basday, Royston Stoffels, Mel Miller A dutiful son must hide his pursuit of stand-up comedy from his staunch father, who expects him to inherit his store and uphold their Muslim beliefs. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Medici: Masters of Florence","tags":"  Richard Madden, Dustin Hoffman, Stuart Martin, Annabel Scholey After his father's murder, banking heir Cosimo Medici battles opponents of his artistic, economic and political visions for 15th-century Florence. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Monthly Girls' Nozaki Kun","tags":"  Yuichi Nakamura, Ari Ozawa, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Yuki Ono, Ryohei Kimura, Mai Nakahara, Miyuki Sawashiro, Mamoru Miyano, Marie Miyake, Ayako Kawasumi, Kenta Miyake, Daisuke Ono Art imitates life when Chiyo discovers her crush is a famous artist who wants to use their budding relationship as inspiration for his romantic manga. anime,romanceanime,romance"},{"title":"Mrs. Serial Killer","tags":" Shirish Kunder Jacqueline Fernandez, Manoj Bajpayee, Mohit Raina, Zayn Marie Khan When a doctor gets jailed for a string of shocking murders, his loyal wife sets out to commit a copycat crime to prove his innocence. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Oh Yuck","tags":"  Kayne Tremills, Nia Roam, David Collins, Shane Dundas Using a concoction of cartoons, comedy and live action, Dr. Yuck and his eccentric lab mates investigate the science behind the planet's ickiest things. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Psycho","tags":" Mysskin Udhayanidhi Stalin, Aditi Rao Hydari, Nithya Menon, Ram, Rajkumar Pitchumani As a visually impaired man attempts to rescue his love interest from a serial killer, the dark story behind the murderer\u2019s disturbing psyche emerges. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Reckoning","tags":"  Aden Young, Sam Trammell, Simone Kessell, Laura Gordon, Gloria Garayua, Mitzi Ruhlmann, Milly Alcock, Ed Oxenbould, Finn Little, Anthony Phelan, Diana Glenn, Lauren Pegus When a local teen is murdered in their quiet, suburban community, two fathers intent on protecting their families must contend with their inner demons. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Half Of It","tags":" Alice Wu Leah Lewis, Daniel Diemer, Alexxis Lemire, Wolfgang Novogratz, Collin Chou, Becky Ann Baker, Enrique Murciano, Macintyre Dixon, Catherine Curtin When smart but cash-strapped teen Ellie Chu agrees to write a love letter for a jock, she doesn't expect to become his friend \u2014 or fall for his crush. comedy,drama,lgbtcomedy,drama,lgbt"},{"title":"The Heartbreak Kid","tags":" Bobby Farrelly, Peter Farrelly Ben Stiller, Michelle Monaghan, Jerry Stiller, Malin Akerman, Stephanie Courtney, Rob Corddry, Carlos Mencia, Ali Hillis, Danny McBride, Scott Wilson Ben Stiller stars as a newlywed who marries a dreamy woman, only to learn on their honeymoon that she's a total nightmare. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"What a Girl Wants","tags":" Dennie Gordon Amanda Bynes, Colin Firth, Kelly Preston, Eileen Atkins, Anna Chancellor, Jonathan Pryce, Oliver James, Christina Cole In search of the father she's never met, the daughter of a bohemian American woman heads to Europe and finds that her dad is an uptight politician. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Dangerous Lies","tags":" Michael M. Scott Camila Mendes, Jessie T. Usher, Jamie Chung, Cam Gigandet, Sasha Alexander, Elliott Gould A broke caregiver unexpectedly inherits her patient's estate, but dark secrets swirl around her newfound wealth, tangling her in deceit and danger. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"DRIFTING DRAGONS","tags":"  Tomoaki Maeno, Sora Amamiya, Soma Saito, Kana Hanazawa, Junichi Suwabe, Tomokazu Seki, Takahiro Sakurai, Kohsuke Toriumi, Rie Kugimiya, Kentaro Kumagai, Makoto Furukawa, Takashi Matsuyama, Shunsuke Takeuchi, Yuto Uemura, Chinatsu Akasaki, Junya Enoki, Kazuhiko Inoue, Hiroo Sasaki Dragons are on the menu as the crew of the airship Quin Zaza sets out on a hunt. If they fail, empty stomachs will be the least of their worries. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"El se\u00f1or de los Cielos","tags":"  Rafael Amaya, Ximena Herrera, Robinson D\u00edaz, Ra\u00fal M\u00e9ndez, Gabriel Porras, Carmen Villalobos, Mauricio Ochmann, Fernanda Castillo, Marlene Favela, Carmen Aub, Maritza Rodr\u00edguez Only Aurelio Casillas can fill Pablo Escobar's shoes and become Mexico's biggest drug trafficker of the '90s. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Good Witch","tags":"  Catherine Bell, Bailee Madison, Rhys Matthew Bond, James Denton, Catherine Disher, Anthony Lemke, Peter MacNeill, Hannah Endicott-Douglas, Noah Cappe, Kylee Evans Raising her daughter in a small town, an enchanting widow with magical powers provokes the interest and exasperation of a skeptical big-city doctor. drama,fantasydrama,fantasy"},{"title":"Rich in Love","tags":" Bruno Garotti Danilo Mesquita, Giovanna Lancellotti, Jaffar Bambirra, Lell\u00ea, Ernani Moraes, Gillray Coutinho, Jeniffer Dias, Bruna Griphao, Fernanda Paes Leme Rich kid Teto is determined to prove himself to Paula, his love interest. But when he tells her he grew up poor, the lie spins out of control. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Forest of Love: Deep Cut","tags":" Sion Sono Kippei Shiina, Shinnosuke Mitsushima, Kyooko Hinami, Eri Kamataki, Young Dais, Natsuki Kawamura, Yuzuka Nakaya, Dai Hasegawa, Chiho Fujii, Sei Matobu, Denden Nothing's as it seems when a charismatic conman and an aspiring film crew delve into the lives of two emotionally scarred women. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Victims' Game","tags":" David Chuang, Chen Kuan-chung Joseph Chang, Hsu Wei-ning, Jason Wang, Ruby Lin, Moon Lee, River Huang, Chen Chia-kuei, Ding Ning, Hsia Ching-ting, Rexen Cheng After discovering his estranged daughter's link to mysterious murders, a forensic detective with Asperger's syndrome risks everything to solve the case. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"A Secret Love","tags":" Chris Bolan  Amid shifting times, two women kept their decades-long love a secret. But coming out later in life comes with its own set of challenges. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Ek\u015fi Elmalar","tags":" Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan, Farah Zeynep Abdullah, Song\u00fcl \u00d6den, \u015e\u00fckran Oval\u0131, Devrim Yakut, \u015e\u00fckr\u00fc \u00d6zy\u0131ld\u0131z, Fatih Artman, Cezmi Bask\u0131n, Caner Cindoruk, Ersin Korkut In an eastern Turkish town, suitors knock on the door of the mayor and father of three beautiful daughters who choose to follow their own paths. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Extracurricular","tags":"  Kim Dong-hee, Jung Da-bin, Park Ju-hyun, Nam Yoon-su, Choi Min-soo, Kim Yeo-jin, Park Hyuk-kwon A model high school student who's steeped in a world of serious crime finds his double life upended when a classmate takes an interest in his secret. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Love Is War","tags":" Omoni Oboli Omoni Oboli, Richard Mofe-Damijo, Jide Kosoko, Akin Lewis, Bimbo Manuel, Shaffy Bello, Toke Makinwa, Femi Branch, Uzor Osimkpa An adoring couple elects to test the strength of their marriage when they run against each other for the office of state governor. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Murder to Mercy: The Cyntoia Brown Story","tags":"   After 16-year-old Cyntoia Brown is sentenced to life in prison, questions about her past, physiology and the law itself call her guilt into question. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Nadiya\u2019s Time to Eat","tags":"  Nadiya Hussain On this cooking show, Nadiya Hussain serves up delicious shortcuts, vital ingredients and fast favorites \u2014 perfect for today's time-strapped families. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"R.K.Nagar","tags":" Saravana Rajan Vaibhav Reddy, Sana Althaf, Sampath Raj, Inigo Prabhakaran, Anjana Keerthi, Subbu Panchu Things look up for a Chennai man struggling to make ends meet when he falls for a politician\u2019s daughter \u2013 until he gets entangled in a murder case. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Tjovitjo","tags":"  Warren Masemola, Nobulali Dangazele, Rapulana Seiphemo, Sibulele Gcilitshana, Jabulile Mahlambi, Ntosh Madlingozi, Hlengiwe Lushaba, Kanyi Nokwe, Harriet Manamela, Soso Rungqu, Fisiwe Kubeka, Victor Mohale Amidst poverty and struggle, a hardened pantsula dance leader enters a dark space and searches for redemption and salvation in his community. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Beynelmilel","tags":" Muharrem G\u00fclmez, S\u0131rr\u0131 S\u00fcreyya \u00d6nder Cezmi Bask\u0131n, \u00d6zg\u00fc Namal, Umut Kurt, Nazmi K\u0131r\u0131k, Bahri Beyat, Meral Okay, Dilber Ay, \u015eahin Irmak, Oktay Kaynarca, Burak Tamdo\u011fan When a local musician and his band are forced to perform in honor of a right-wing coup, his daughter schemes to make their music subversive instead. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bir Baba Hindu","tags":" Sermiyan Midyat Sermiyan Midyat, \u015eafak Sezer, Nicole Faria, Burak Sat\u0131bol A Istanbul mobster falls for an Indian yoga instructor whose abduction takes him on a wild rescue mission to Mumbai. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Boushkash","tags":" Ahmed Yousry, Hazem Fouda Mohamed Saad, Zeina, Ezzat Abou Aouf, Edward, Hassan Hosny, Ahmed Rateb, Hamdi el Sakhawy, Safaa El-Toukhy A former goalkeeper-turned-talent scout embarks on a mischievous adventure to recruit players for Egyptian football clubs. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Cinar Agaci","tags":" Handan \u0130pek\u00e7i Nurg\u00fcl Ye\u015fil\u00e7ay, Celile Toyon Uysal, Deniz Deha Lostar, Settar Tanr\u0131\u00f6\u011fen, Suzan Aksoy, H\u00fcseyin Avni Danyal, J\u00fclide Kural, Rag\u0131p Sava\u015f A matriarch and her grandson forge a special bond during family picnics every two months, until her health causes a conflict among the relatives. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"G\u00f6r\u00fcmce","tags":" K\u0131van\u00e7 Baru\u00f6n\u00fc Eda Ece, Dil\u015fah Demir, Gupse \u00d6zay, Bu\u011fra G\u00fclsoy When his jealous sister plots to wreck his engagement, a young man does everything he can to protect his betrothed from her devious schemes. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"\u0130stanbul K\u0131rm\u0131z\u0131s\u0131","tags":" Ferzan \u00d6zpetek Halit Ergen\u00e7, Nejat \u0130\u015fler, Mehmet G\u00fcns\u00fcr, \u00c7i\u011fdem Sel\u0131\u015f\u0131k Onat, Tuba B\u00fcy\u00fck\u00fcst\u00fcn, Serra Y\u0131lmaz, Zerrin Tekindor, Ayten G\u00f6k\u00e7er, \u0130pek Bilgin, Ergin Bal Upon his return to Istanbul, an expat writer-editor finds himself stranded inside a web of tangled relationships after his filmmaker friend vanishes. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"K\u00fc\u00e7\u00fck Esnaf","tags":" Bedran G\u00fczel \u0130brahim B\u00fcy\u00fckak, Zeynep Ko\u00e7ak, Gupse \u00d6zay, Cengiz Bozkurt As an honest locksmith scrambles to pay his late father's hefty debt to the mafia, he crosses paths with a woman in similar trouble and falls for her. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Neseli Hayat","tags":" Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan, Ersin Korkut, B\u00fc\u015fra Pekin, Erdal Tosun, R\u0131za Ak\u0131n, Sinan Bengier, Cezmi Bask\u0131n, Ayberk Atilla, Fatma Murat, Metin Y\u0131ld\u0131z Burdened by troubles and caught between cultures, Riza takes a job as a mall Santa and finds that real life may not be so different from make-believe. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Organize Isler","tags":" Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan, Tolga \u00c7evik, Demet Akba\u011f, Altan Erkekli, \u00d6zg\u00fc Namal, Erdal Tosun, Tuncer Salman, \u00d6ner Erkan, Ebru Akel, Ba\u015fak K\u00f6kl\u00fckaya, Cem Y\u0131lmaz A gang leader recruits a suicidal Superman impersonator, while a woman driving a hot car linked to the gang plots revenge against them and their hero. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Reliant","tags":" Paul Munger Kevin Sorbo, Mollee Gray, Eric Roberts, Brian Bosworth, Julia Denton, Blake Burt, Marisa Lynae Hampton, Josh Murray, Kiera Strauss, Tyler Sanders When a town suffers an economic collapse, social unrest forces a family to seek refuge in the wilderness as bitter outlaws threaten their survival. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"We'll Be Right Back After The Break","tags":" Ahmed Nader Galal Karim Abdel Aziz, Dina Fouad, Mohamed Lotfy, Ahmed Rateb, Rasha Amin, Youssef Eid, Mostafa Abbas, Maged El Kedwany, Sabri Abdulmonem, Abdalah Mishrif While fighting a child custody battle against his father-in-law, a taxi driver loses his memory when his son is kidnapped. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"5Gang","tags":" Matei Dima Andrei Selaru, Dorian Popa, Julia Marcan, Ana Radu, Cosmin Nedelcu, Diana Condurache, Andrei Gavril, Luca Bogdan To keep the band together, Selly tries to earn money by making an appearance at the birthday party of a mobster's daughter \u2014 until he gets kidnapped. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Love Aaj Kal","tags":" Imtiaz Ali Kartik Aaryan, Sara Ali Khan, Randeep Hooda, Arushi Sharma, Simone Singh, Monika Pawar, Amrit Arora, Siddharth Kak When professional ambitions clash with personal feelings for a modern-day couple, a love story from a bygone decade may offer some wisdom. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Lift Boy","tags":" Jonathan Augustin Moin Khan, Nyla Masood, Saagar Kale, Neha Bam, Aneesha Shah, Damian Alexander D'Souza, Kaustubh Narain, Shilpa Iyer, Nil Mani, Pallas Prajapati When a lazy young man replaces his father as the elevator operator of a posh residential complex, what he sees as menial work soon takes on new meaning. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Coronavirus, Explained","tags":"   In 2020, the world changed. This topical series examines the coronavirus pandemic, the efforts to combat it and ways to manage its mental health toll. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"The Last Kingdom","tags":"  Alexander Dreymon, Emily Cox, David Dawson, Ian Hart, Rune Temte, Matthew Macfadyen, Rutger Hauer, Tobias Santelmann, Peter Gantzler, Adrian Bower, Joseph Millson, Henning Valin Jakobsen, Alexandre Willaume, Thomas W. Gabrielsson As Alfred the Great defends his kingdom from Norse invaders, Uhtred \u2013 born a Saxon but raised by Vikings \u2013 seeks to claim his ancestral birthright. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"Bheeshma","tags":" Venky Kudumula Nitin Reddy, Rashmika Mandanna, Sampath Raj, Jishu Sengupta, Anant Nag Tired of being single, a smart-aleck meme creator has a chance to prove himself to the girl he loves when he is suddenly appointed CEO of her workplace. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Bittersweet","tags":" Khaled Marei Ahmed Helmy, Lotfy Labib, Edward, Enaam Salousa After 20 years abroad, a photographer returns to his birth country of Egypt and gets stranded without identification in a now unfamiliar culture. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"My Secret Romance","tags":"  Sung Hoon, Song Ji-eun, Kim Jae-young, Jeong Da-sol, Lee Kan-hee, Kim Jong-goo, Park Sin-un, Jeon So-min A nutritionist gets entangled in a series of misunderstandings with her new chaebol boss \u2013 who turns out to be someone she slept with in the past. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"No Direction Home: Bob Dylan","tags":" Martin Scorsese Bob Dylan, Joan Baez, Dave Van Ronk, Peter Yarrow, Allen Ginsberg, Pete Seeger, Maria Muldaur, Mavis Staples, Al Kooper, Tony Glover Featuring rare concert footage and interviews with legendary musicians, this documentary traces Bob Dylan's life story and extraordinary career. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"She Made Me a Criminal","tags":" Amr Arafa Ahmed Helmy, Ghada Adel, Hassan Hosny, Riham Abdel Ghafour, Edward, Abdullah Moshref, Youssef Eid, Mohamed Sharaf In order to get her trust fund money from her wealthy but miserly father, a woman enlists a naive young man to help fake her own kidnapping. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Artist","tags":" Michel Hazanavicius Jean Dujardin, B\u00e9r\u00e9nice Bejo, John Goodman, James Cromwell, Penelope Ann Miller, Missi Pyle, Beth Grant, Ed Lauter, Joel Murray, Elizabeth Tulloch, Ken Davitian, Malcolm McDowell Winner of five Oscars, this black-and-white silent film follows the romance between a silent-era legend on a downward spiral and a rising starlet. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Dealer","tags":" Ahmed Saleh Ahmed El Sakka, Khaled El Nabawy, Mai Selim, Nedal El Shafey, Boris Abramov, Selami \u015eahin Separated by distance and circumstance, two bitter rivals cross paths when the perils of the drug trade unexpectedly unite them. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"The International Player","tags":" Ahmed Medhat Youssef El Sherif, Arwa Gouda, Salah Abdullah, Mohamed Lotfy, Dalal Abdel Aziz, Rahmah Hasan A footballer for a local club aspires to join the big leagues then gets his shot at going pro, fueling his team's rise to victory. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"The Promise","tags":" Mohamed Yassin Asser Yassin, Ruby, Ghassan Massoud, Bassem Samra, Ahmed Azmy When his powerful crime czar boss kills the man he considered a mentor, a young gangster on the rise goes to war in order to get revenge. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"\u0627\u0644\u0641 \u0645\u0628\u0631\u0648\u0643","tags":" Ahmed Nader Galal Ahmed Helmy, Laila Ezz El Arab, Mahmoud El Fishawy, Mohamed Farraag, Sarrah Abdelrahman, Rahma Hassan, Amir Salah, Hany El Sabagh On his wedding day, an arrogant, greedy accountant experiences a series of calamities that keep replaying as he lives the same day over and over again. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"After Life","tags":"  Ricky Gervais, Tom Basden, Tony Way, Diane Morgan, Mandeep Dhillon, David Bradley, Ashley Jensen, Kerry Godliman Struggling to come to terms with his wife's death, a writer for a newspaper adopts a gruff new persona in an effort to push away those trying to help. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Kolaiyuthir Kaalam","tags":" Chakri Toleti Nayanthara, Bhoomika Chawla, Prem Kathir, Rohini Hattangadi, Pratap Pothen, Julian Freund The speech-and-hearing-impaired heiress of a palatial mansion must rely on basic instincts when a masked invader is determined to kill her. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Love 101","tags":"  P\u0131nar Deniz, Kubilay Aka, Mert Yaz\u0131c\u0131o\u011flu, Alina Boz, Selahattin Pa\u015fal\u0131, \u0130pek Filiz Yaz\u0131c\u0131, Kaan Urganc\u0131o\u011flu, M\u00fcfit Kayacan, Bade \u0130\u015f\u00e7il, Tuba \u00dcnsal While trying to make their teacher fall for a basketball coach, four misfits and a model student find friendship, love and the courage to be themselves. foregin,drama,showforegin,drama,show"},{"title":"Yours Sincerely, Kanan Gill","tags":" Neville Shah Kanan Gill Revisiting life goals set in a letter written as a teen to his future self, comedian Kanan Gill reports back on if he's lived up to his own expectations. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ghost in the Shell: SAC_2045","tags":"  Atsuko Tanaka, Osamu Saka, Akio Otsuka, Koichi Yamadera, Yutaka Nakano, Toru Okawa, Takashi Onozuka, Taro Yamaguchi, Sakiko Tamagawa, Megumi Han, Kenjiro Tsuda, Kaiji Soze, Shigeo Kiyama After a global financial crisis, the world is engulfed in an AI-driven \"sustainable war.\" It's up to Section 9 to counter new forms of cyber threats. anime,action,foreginanime,action,foregin"},{"title":"My Stupid Boss","tags":" Upi Avianto Bunga Citra Lestari, Reza Rahadian, Alex Abbad, Bront Palarae, Chew Kin Wah, Atikah Suhaime, Iskandar Zulkarnain, Melissa Karim, Richard Oh, Ting Tan After moving to Kuala Lumpur, Diana lands a secretary job at an ironworks owned by her husband's old college friend, possibly the world's worst boss. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"My Stupid Boss 2","tags":" Upi Avianto Reza Rahadian, Bunga Citra Lestari, Chew Kin Wah, Atikah Suhaime, Iedil Putra, Iskandar Zulkarnain, Alex Abbad, Melissa Karim Having driven away many of his employees, Bossman and three of his long-suffering workers try to find cheap labor in Vietnam but find trouble instead. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The House of Flowers","tags":"  Ver\u00f3nica Castro, Aislinn Derbez, Cecilia Su\u00e1rez, Dario Yazbek Bernal, Paco Le\u00f3n, Arturo R\u00edos, Juan Pablo Medina, Ver\u00f3nica Langer, Lucas Vel\u00e1zquez In this dark comedy, a wealthy matriarch tries to maintain her family's facade of perfection after her husband's mistress exposes their dirty secrets. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"This Earth of Mankind","tags":" Hanung Bramantyo Iqbaal Ramadhan, Mawar de Jongh, Sha Ine Febriyanti, Giorgino Abraham, Bryan Domani, Jerome Kurnia, Donny Damara, Ayu Laksmi A Javanese royal and half-Dutch woman fall in love as Indonesia rises to independence from colonial rule. Based on Pramoedya Ananta Toer's famed novel. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Time to Hunt","tags":" Yoon Sung-hyun Lee Je-hoon, Ahn Jae-hong, Choi Woo-shik, Park Jeong-min, Park Hae-soo Wanting to leave their dystopian world behind for a faraway paradise, three outlaws plot a money heist \u2014 and draw the attention of a vicious killer. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Absurd Planet","tags":"  Afi Ekulona A cast of quirky critters and Mother Nature herself narrate this funny science series, which peeks into the lives of Earth\u2019s most incredible animals. documental,documental,comedydocumental,documental,comedy"},{"title":"Circus of Books","tags":" Rachel Mason  For decades, a nice Jewish couple ran Circus of Books, a porn shop and epicenter for gay LA. Their director daughter documents their life and times. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"The Plagues of Breslau","tags":" Patryk Vega Ma\u0142gorzata Ko\u017cuchowska, Daria Widawska, Katarzyna Bujakiewicz, Maria Dejmek, Andrzej Grabowski, Ewa Kasprzyk, Jacek Beler, Wojciech Kalinowski, Igor Kujawski, Iwona Bielska, Tomasz O\u015bwieci\u0144ski After a body is found sewn inside a cow hide, a Wroc\u0142aw detective discovers a killer is recreating an 18th-century \"plague\" of criminal punishments. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"The Set Up","tags":" Niyi Akinmolayan Adesua Etomi, Jim Iyke, Dakore Akande, Marie Humbert, Ayoola Ayolola, Tina Mba, Joke Silva, Kehinde Bankole Manipulation and personal vendettas collide when a con artist hires a young woman to assist with his scheme to marry a wealthy heiress. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Silence of the Marsh","tags":" Marc Vigil Pedro Alonso, Nacho Fresneda, Carmina Barrios, Jos\u00e9 \u00c1ngel Egido, \u00c0lex Monner, Ra\u00fal Prieto, Maite Sandoval, Javier Godino, Luis Zahera, Miguel de Lira While researching corruption for his new book, a successful crime novelist shades the line between fiction and reality. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"The Willoughbys","tags":" Kris Pearn Will Forte, Maya Rudolph, Ricky Gervais, Alessia Cara, Terry Crews, Jane Krakowski, Martin Short, Se\u00e1n Cullen Four siblings with horribly selfish parents hatch a plan to get rid of them for good and form a perfectly imperfect family of their own. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Win the Wilderness","tags":"   Six couples compete to prove they've got the survival skills to win the deed to an extraordinary home deep in the vast, rugged wilderness of Alaska. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Bleach","tags":"  Masakazu Morita, Fumiko Orikasa, Yuki Matsuoka, Noriaki Sugiyama, Hiroki Yasumoto, Kentaro Ito, Ryotaro Okiayu After teenager Ichigo Kurosaki acquires superpowers from wounded soul reaper Rukia Kuchiki, the two of them join forces to round up lost souls. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Middleditch & Schwartz","tags":" Ryan Polito Thomas Middleditch, Ben Schwartz Comedy duo Thomas Middleditch and Ben Schwartz turn small ideas into epically funny stories in this series of completely improvised comedy specials. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Nicky Jam: El Ganador","tags":"  Nicky Jam, Diego Cadavid, Ana Lucia Dominguez, Darkiel, Osvaldo Friger, Jarlin Javier Martinez, Luis Rivera, Nestor Rodulfo, Luis Gonzaga Follow reggaeton artist Nicky Jam's struggles to overcome drug addiction and rise to international success in this dramatization of his life story. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Cooked with Cannabis","tags":"  Kelis, Leather Storrs Chefs compete to get the hosts and special guests high on elevated cannabis cuisine with their artful use of leafy herb, THC infusions and CBD sauces. showshow"},{"title":"The Midnight Gospel","tags":"  Duncan Trussell, Phil Hendrie, Drew Pinsky, Joey Diaz, Natasha Leggero, Johnny Pemberton, Christina Pazsitzky, Anne Lamott, Damien Echols, Trudy Goodman, Maria Bamford, Pauly Shore, Doug Lussenhop, David Nichtern, Steve Little, Caitlin Doughty, Stephen Root Traversing trippy worlds inside his universe simulator, a space caster explores existential questions about life, death and everything in between. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Varane Avashyamund","tags":" Anoop Sathyan Shobana, Suresh Gopi, Dulquer Salmaan, Kalyani Priyadarshan, K.P.A.C. Lalitha, Sarvajith Santosh Sivan, Urvashi, Johny Antony, Lalu Alex, Lal Jose At an apartment complex, the lives of a mother, a daughter seeking an arranged marriage, a military retiree and a young man become intertwined. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"ChuChu TV Nursery Rhymes & Kids Songs (Hindi)","tags":"   This educational series for tiny tots features a toe-tapping spin on nursery rhymes with upbeat tunes and a diverse set of easy-to-follow lessons. familyfamily"},{"title":"The King: Eternal Monarch","tags":"  Lee Min-ho, Kim Go-eun, Woo Do\u2011hwan, Kim Kyung-nam, Jung Eun-chae, Lee Jung-jin, Kim Young-ok A modern-day Korean emperor passes through a mysterious portal and into a parallel world, where he encounters a feisty police detective. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"#blackAF","tags":"  Kenya Barris, Rashida Jones, Iman Benson, Genneya Walton, Scarlet Spencer, Justin Claiborne, Ravi Cabot-Conyers Kenya Barris and his family navigate relationships, race and culture while grappling with their newfound success in this comedy series. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Babam\u0131n Ceketi","tags":" M\u00fcfit Can Sa\u00e7\u0131nt\u0131 M\u00fcfit Can Sa\u00e7\u0131nt\u0131, Mert Turak, \u00dcnal Yeter, Elif Nur Kerk\u00fck, U\u011fur Demirpehlivan, Ay\u015fen Gruda, Erkan Can, Banu Manio\u011flu Facing pressure to marry immediately, an unemployed man must find a way to pay for a wedding by any means necessary. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Earth and Blood","tags":" Julien Leclercq Sami Bouajila, Eriq Ebouaney, Samy Seghir, Sofia Lesaffre A sawmill owner and his teenage daughter become tangled in a deadly feud when a drug dealer stashes stolen cocaine on their remote property. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"El Drag\u00f3n: Return of a Warrior","tags":"  Sebasti\u00e1n Rulli, Renata Notni, Roberto Mateos, Irina Baeva, Cassandra S\u00e1nchez Navarro, Manuel Balbi, Javier G\u00f3mez, Alejandro \u00c1vila, Sof\u00eda Castro, Juan Pablo Gil To replace his grandfather as head of a cartel, a Tokyo financier returns to his home country of Mexico, where he must battle two rivals for control. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Hasmukh","tags":"  Vir Das, Ranvir Shorey, Manoj Pahwa, Ravi Kishan, Raza Murad, Inaamulhaq, Suhail Nayyar, Amrita Bagchi A timid, small-town comedian's long-awaited big break takes a dark turn when he realizes committing murder is the only way to keep his onstage mojo. action,foregin,comedyaction,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Rising High","tags":" C\u00fcneyt Kaya David Kross, Frederick Lau, Janina Uhse, Anne Sch\u00e4fer, Sophia Thomalla Ready to do anything to get rich, a young man upends the Berlin property market with his shady pal, till the good times threaten to destroy it all. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Sergio","tags":" Greg Barker Wagner Moura, Ana de Armas, Br\u00edan F. O'Byrne, Clemens Schick, Bradley Whitford Passions, ideals and bitter realities collide as charismatic UN diplomat Sergio Vieira de Mello becomes trapped in a life-threatening situation in Iraq. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Legacy of the Bones","tags":" Fernando Gonz\u00e1lez Molina Marta Etura, Carlos Librado \"Nene\", Leonardo Sbaraglia, Francesc Orella, Imanol Arias, Benn Northover, Itziar Aizpuru, Patricia L\u00f3pez Arnaiz, Alicia S\u00e1nchez, Eduardo Rosa A year after solving a series of murders, detective Amaia is faced with a related mystery in the Bazt\u00e1n Valley that ends up hitting very close to home. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Alel\u00ed","tags":" Leticia Jorge Romero N\u00e9stor Guzzini, Mirella Pascual, Cristina Mor\u00e1n, Romina Peluffo, Laila Reyes Silberberg, Pablo Tate, Ger\u00f3nimo Pizzanelli, Georgina Yankelevich, Julio Icasuriaga, Carla Moscatelli Mourning their father's death, a dysfunctional trio of siblings must face selling their beloved childhood beach house \u2014 and dealing with each other. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Fary : Hexagone","tags":" Adrien Lagier, Ousmane Ly Fary French comedy phenom\u00a0Fary puts a playful spin on questions of identity, culture and more in the first half of an epic two-part stand-up special. foregin,comedy,comedyforegin,comedy,comedy"},{"title":"Fauda","tags":"  Lior Raz, Hisham Suliman, Shadi Mar'i, La\u00ebtitia E\u00efdo, Tsahi Halevi, Yuval Segal, Neta Garty, Tomer Kapon, Itzik Cohen, Rona-Lee Shim'on, Boaz Konforty, Doron Ben-David A top Israeli agent comes out of retirement to hunt for a Palestinian militant he thought he'd killed, setting a chaotic chain of events into motion. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"Hail, Caesar!","tags":" Ethan Coen, Joel Coen Josh Brolin, George Clooney, Scarlett Johansson, Alden Ehrenreich, Ralph Fiennes, Tilda Swinton, Channing Tatum, Frances McDormand, Jonah Hill, Veronica Osorio, Heather Goldenhersh, Alison Pill When a major star is kidnapped from a movie set, a hard-charging but overwhelmed studio boss sets out to find the actor and save the film. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Jem and the Holograms","tags":" Jon M. Chu Aubrey Peeples, Stefanie Scott, Hayley Kiyoko, Aurora Perrineau, Juliette Lewis, Molly Ringwald, Ryan Guzman, Nathan Moore, Barnaby Carpenter, Nicholas Braun After becoming an overnight star via the internet, teenage rocker Jem and her sisters journey to LA, where fame, fun and a family mystery await. family,drama,musicfamily,drama,music"},{"title":"Maur\u00edcio Meirelles: Generating Chaos","tags":" Diego Pignataro Maur\u00edcio Meirelles Comedian Maur\u00edcio Meirelles explores his chaotic mind with scathingly funny views on family, prejudices, turtles and more in this stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Puerto Ricans in Paris","tags":" Ian Edelman Luis Guzm\u00e1n, Edgar Garcia, Alice Taglioni, Rosie Perez, Miriam Shor, Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Anscombre, Rosario Dawson, Julie Ferrier, Micha\u00ebl Cohen, Ravi Patel New York police detectives Luis and Eddie experience culture shock and adventure when they head to Paris to track down a stolen couture handbag. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Stunt School","tags":" Ali Yorganc\u0131o\u011flu Asl\u0131 \u0130nand\u0131k, Toygan Avano\u011flu, Tuna Orhan, Caner \u00d6zyurtlu, Melis \u0130\u015fiten, Asl\u0131 Turanl\u0131, Ahmet Olgun S\u00fcnear, Seda T\u00fcrkmen, Ayten Uncuo\u011flu An aspiring actress is admitted to a prestigious conservatory but must pay her tuition by working as a performer for an unusual company. family,comedy,foreginfamily,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"For the Broken Hearted","tags":" Digo Ricio Yassi Pressman, Sam Concepcion, Louise De Los Reyes, Shy Carlos, Marco Gumabao, Katya Santos, Andrea Del Rosario, Lander Vera Perez, Christopher Roxas In three interwoven stories, love ends up in limbo as romantic partners navigate bliss, loss, failures and feelings while trying to make happiness last. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mischief","tags":" Emcy Joseph Suraj Venjaramoodu, Soubin Shahir, Surabhi Lakshmi, Vincy Aloshious, Gracy Soudi, Mammukoya, Jaffer Idukki, Baburaj, Sudhi Koppa, Irshad Mistaking the sleeping passenger on his train for a drunk, a young man posts a picture of him online, unaware of his impulsive act's ugly repercussions. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Innocence Files","tags":"   The Innocence Project unravels missteps and deceit in a series of wrongful convictions, exposing the injustice inflicted on victims and the accused. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"World Famous Lover","tags":" Kranthi Madhav Vijay Deverakonda, Raashi Khanna, Aishwarya Rajesh, Catherine Tresa, Izabelle Leite When his frustrated girlfriend decides to leave him, a struggling writer gets down to work on stories of romance he hopes will win her back. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Chris D'Elia: No Pain","tags":" Matt D'Elia Chris D'Elia Chris D'Elia takes the stage in Minneapolis to offer his thoughts on everything from self-censorship to problematic dolphins to lame mutant powers. comedycomedy"},{"title":"New Money","tags":" Tope Oshin Jemima Osunde, Blossom Chukwujekwu, Kate Henshaw-Nuttal, Dakore Akande, Wale Ojo, Wofai Fada, Osas Ighodaro Ajibade, Falz, Daniel Effiong, Adeolu Adefarasin An aspiring fashion designer's life is transformed after she discovers she\u2019s the heiress of a billion-dollar empire left by her estranged father. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Moms at War","tags":" Omoni Oboli Omoni Oboli, Funke Akindele, Yul Edochie, Abayomi Alvin, Adebukola Oladipupo, Sharon Ooja, Eucharia Anunobi, Harriet Akinola, Michelle Dede Two fierce mothers become rivals when a school contest forces their kids, both model students, to compete against one another to be the best in class. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Surviving R. Kelly: The Impact","tags":"  R. Kelly From public protests to viral movements, the aftermath of the R. Kelly docuseries is explored in this special featuring journalists and experts. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Code 8","tags":" Jeff Chan Robbie Amell, Stephen Amell, Sung Kang, Kari Matchett, Greg Bryk, Aaron Abrams, Kyla Kane In a city where super-powered people are ostracized, an earnest day laborer considers using his outlawed abilities for money to save his sick mother. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Brews Brothers","tags":"  Alan Aisenberg, Mike Castle, Carmen Flood, Marques Ray Two rival brothers must work together to keep their brewery in business, but shenanigans keep foaming up their company with chaos. comedycomedy"},{"title":"LA Originals","tags":"   Photographer Estevan Oriol and artist Mister Cartoon turned their Chicano roots into gritty art, impacting street culture, hip hop and beyond. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Love Wedding Repeat","tags":" Dean Craig Sam Claflin, Olivia Munn, Freida Pinto, Eleanor Tomlinson, Joel Fry, Tim Key, Aisling Bea, Jack Farthing, Allan Mustafa Different versions of the same day unfold as Jack juggles difficult guests, unbridled chaos and potential romance at his sister's wedding. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"School Life","tags":" Grand Corps Malade, Mehdi Idir Zita Hanrot, Liam Pierron, Soufiane Guerrab, Ibrahim Dram\u00e9, Moussa Mansaly, Moryf\u00e8re Camara, Alban Ivanov, Gaspard G\u00e9vin-Hi\u00e9, Antoine Reinartz, Mahamadou Sangar\u00e9, Redouane Bougheraba, Hocine Mokando, Aboudou Sacko In one of the poorest areas of Paris, a school counselor devotes herself to working with disadvantaged students, while facing challenges of her own. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Main Event","tags":" Jay Karas Seth Carr, Tichina Arnold, Adam Pally, Ken Marino, Mike 'The Miz' Mizanin, Momona Tamada, Keith Lee, Babatunde Aiyegbusi, Kofi Kingston Using special powers from a magical mask, a young WWE fan causes chaos when he enters a wrestling competition and fights an intimidating rival. family,comedy,sportsfamily,comedy,sports"},{"title":"The Trial","tags":" Stefano Lodovichi Vittoria Puccini, Francesco Scianna, Camilla Filippi, Simone Colombari, Maurizio Lastrico, Alessandro Averone, Euridice Axen, Marco Baliani, Pia Lanciotti, Giordano De Plano, Roberto Herlitzka, Tommaso Ragno, Margherita Caviezel, Michele Morrone The murder of a teen girl impacts a public prosecutor linked to the victim, a lawyer seeking a career-making case and a suspect who says she's innocent. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Tigertail","tags":" Alan Yang Tzi Ma, Christine Ko, Hong-Chi Lee, Hayden Szeto, Kunjue Li, Fiona Fu, James Saito, Joan Chen A man reflects on the lost love of his youth and his long-ago journey from Taiwan to America as he begins to reconnect with his estranged daughter. dramadrama"},{"title":"Hi Score Girl","tags":"  Kohei Amasaki, Sayumi Suzushiro, Yuuki Hirose, Kazuyuki Okitsu, Daiki Yamashita, Daria Midou, Satomi Arai, Shizuka Ito, Cho, Chinatsu Akasaki, Tomokazu Sugita, Yuichi Nakamura, Kana Ueda, Taketora, Hochu Otsuka, Hiroki Yasumoto A chronic gamer abysmally inept in academics and sports finally meets his match at his usual shady arcade \u2013 and it\u2019s his rich classmate, Akira. anime,foregin,romanceanime,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Born Beautiful","tags":" Perci Intalan Martin del Rosario, Lou Veloso, Chai Fonacier, Kiko Matos, Akihiro Blanco, Paolo Ballesteros After her best friend dies, Barbs attempts to rediscover herself until love leaves her true identity \u2014 and heart \u2014 in question. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Last Airbender","tags":" M. Night Shyamalan Noah Ringer, Dev Patel, Nicola Peltz, Jackson Rathbone, Shaun Toub, Aasif Mandvi, Cliff Curtis, Seychelle Gabriel, Jessica Andres, Keong Sim, Summer Bishil, Francis Guinan, Katharine Houghton, Damon Gupton In a world ravaged by the Fire nation's aggression toward the peaceful Air, Water and Earth nations, a young boy holds the key to restoring peace. action,family,fantasyaction,family,fantasy"},{"title":"Tiffany Haddish: She Ready! From the Hood To Hollywood!","tags":" Chris Robinson Tiffany Haddish Comedic breakout Tiffany Haddish delivers a riotous stand-up ripe with the unpretentious and filthy tales of her meteoric rise to stardom. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mine 9","tags":" Eddie Mensore Terry Serpico, Kevin Sizemore, Mark Ashworth, Clint James, Drew Starkey, Erin Elizabeth Burns A methane explosion leaves a group of miners trapped two miles deep into the earth with a small oxygen supply and desperate for any means of survival. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Florida Project","tags":" Sean Baker Brooklynn Prince, Bria Vinaite, Willem Dafoe, Christopher Rivera, Valeria Cotto, Macon Blair, Caleb Landry Jones A mischievous 6-year-old finds the magic in her own circumstances while living with her troubled mom in a budget motel near Disney World. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Dark Light","tags":" Padraig Reynolds Jessica Madsen, Opal Littleton, Ed Brody, Kristina Clifford, Ben Sullivan, Gerald Tyler, Weston Meredith Implicated in her daughter's disappearance, a mother searches for answers when she returns to an old family home that may have an unwanted visitor. suspense,foregin,fantasysuspense,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"The Killing of a Sacred Deer","tags":" Yorgos Lanthimos Colin Farrell, Nicole Kidman, Barry Keoghan, Alicia Silverstone, Raffey Cassidy, Sunny Suljic, Bill Camp, Drew Logan, Barry G. Bernson, Denise Dal Vera, Herb Caillouet A surgeon's carefully curated life edges toward disaster when a troubled teenage boy with mysterious motives begins to impose himself on his family. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Angel Has Fallen","tags":" Ric Roman Waugh Gerard Butler, Morgan Freeman, Nick Nolte, Danny Huston, Jada Pinkett Smith, Lance Reddick, Tim Blake Nelson, Piper Perabo Secret Service agent Mike Banning is caught in the crossfire when he\u2019s framed for a deadly attack on the president and forced to run for his life. actionaction"},{"title":"El Reemplazante","tags":"  Iv\u00e1n \u00c1lvarez de Araya, Blanca Lewin, Karla Melo, Sebasti\u00e1n Ayala, Roberto Far\u00edas, Sergio Hern\u00e1ndez A former high-ranking financial executive finds redemption and romance when he's paroled after a prison sentence and becomes a math teacher. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Coffee & Kareem","tags":" Michael Dowse Ed Helms, Taraji P. Henson, Terrence Little Gardenhigh, Betty Gilpin An inept Detroit cop must team up with his girlfriend's foul-mouthed young son when their first crack at bonding time uncovers a criminal conspiracy. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Legacies","tags":"  Danielle Rose Russell, Aria Shahghasemi, Kaylee Bryant, Jenny Boyd, Quincy Fouse, Peyton Alex Smith, Matthew Davis, Archie L. Winston Born into a rare supernatural bloodline, Hope Mikaelson attends a gifted private school to master her powers and control her innate urges for evil. drama,fantasy,showdrama,fantasy,show"},{"title":"Money Heist: The Phenomenon","tags":" Pablo Lejarreta, Luis Alfaro  A documentary on why and how \"Money Heist\" sparked a wave of enthusiasm around the world for a lovable group of thieves and their professor. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Death of Stalin","tags":" Armando Iannucci Steve Buscemi, Simon Russell Beale, Paddy Considine, Rupert Friend, Jason Isaacs, Michael Palin, Andrea Riseborough, Jeffrey Tambor, Olga Kurylenko, Paul Chahidi The death of Russian dictator Joseph Stalin throws the Soviet Union into comic chaos as his ambitious but addled ministers maneuver to succeed him. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Sol Levante","tags":" Akira Saitoh  A young warrior and her familiar search for the sacred place said to fulfill wishes. It's best not to anger the ancient guardians and spirits. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Violet Evergarden: Eternity and the Auto Memory Doll","tags":" Haruka Fujita Yui Ishikawa, Minako Kotobuki, Aoi Yuki A lonely young woman feels trapped at her all girls' school. But metal hands and heartfelt letters warm her heart when Violet becomes her tutor. anime,foregin,fantasyanime,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Agneepath","tags":" Mukul Anand Amitabh Bachchan, Mithun Chakraborty, Danny Denzongpa, Madhavi, Neelam, Alok Nath, Rohini Hattangadi, Tinnu Anand, Vikram Gokhale, Archana Puran Singh A boy grows up to become a gangster in pursuit of the mobster who killed his innocent father, but revenge and reparation may come at great costs. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Brothers","tags":" Karan Malhotra Akshay Kumar, Sidharth Malhotra, Jackie Shroff, Jacqueline Fernandez, Shefali Shah, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Rajendranath Zutshi, Ashutosh Rana After a troubled past with their alcoholic father, two estranged brothers prepare to face each other again as rivals in a street fighting tournament. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Chhota Bheem and the Curse of Damyaan","tags":" Rajiv Chilaka Kaustav Ghosh, Jigna Bhardwaj, Chutki, Rajesh Kava, Mausam, Guru Shambu, Arun Shekar, Julie Tejwani, Anamaya Verma An evil demon who traded his freedom for immortality lures Chhota Bheem and his friends to the city of Sonapur with tales of hidden treasure. familyfamily"},{"title":"Community","tags":"  Ken Jeong, Jim Rash, Donald Glover, Joel McHale, Gillian Jacobs, Danny Pudi, Alison Brie, Chevy Chase, Yvette Nicole Brown When his degree is found bogus, lawyer Jeff Winger is sent back to college, where he meets students and teachers with credentials as dubious as his. comedycomedy"},{"title":"David Batra: Elefanten i rummet","tags":" David Batra, Jon Rudberg David Batra Swedish comedian David Batra gets personal as he playfully details the perks and pitfalls of being married to a recently resigned political leader. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Dostana","tags":" Tarun Mansukhani Abhishek Bachchan, John Abraham, Priyanka Chopra, Bobby Deol, Kiron Kher, Sushmita Mukherjee, Shrey Bawa, Boman Irani To win over a landlady who only accepts women as tenants, two men pose as a couple \u2013 but the jig may be up when they both fall for their flatmate. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Duniya","tags":" Ramesh Talwar Dilip Kumar, Rishi Kapoor, Pran, Amrita Singh, Ashok Kumar, Prem Chopra, Amrish Puri, Satyen Kappu, Mac Mohan, Javed Khan A lawyer defends his childhood friend \u2013 and girlfriend's brother \u2013 in a murder case, unaware of his own deep connection to the attorney he\u2019s up against. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Duplicate","tags":" Mahesh Bhatt Shah Rukh Khan, Juhi Chawla, Sonali Bendre, Farida Jalal, Mohnish Bahl, Tiku Talsania, Gulshan Grover, Sharat Saxena Hilarious mix-ups and deadly encounters ensue when a convict seeks to escape authorities by assuming the identity of his doppelg\u00e4nger, a perky chef. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Friendship","tags":" Raj Khosla Amitabh Bachchan, Shatrughan Sinha, Zeenat Aman, Prem Chopra, Amrish Puri, Helen, Pran, Gajanan Jagirdar, Sajjan, Iftekhar Best friends since childhood, a righteous cop and a lawyer who represents criminals in court become rivals when they fall for the same woman. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Gori Tere Pyaar Mein","tags":" Punit Malhotra Imran Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Nizhalgal Ravi, Anupam Kher, Shraddha Kapoor, Esha Gupta, Sujata Kumar, Neelu Kohli Sriram is concerned only with spending money, until he meets Dia, a principled activist. Now he's determined to prove himself worthy of her affection. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Gumrah","tags":" Mahesh Bhatt Sanjay Dutt, Sridevi, Anupam Kher, Rahul Roy, Soni Razdan, Reema Lagoo, Kunika, Tom Alter, Bob Christo, Anang Desai Jailed for drug trafficking while searching for the dad she's never met, a singer gets unlikely support from a crook whose love she has long rejected. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Hasee Toh Phasee","tags":" Vinil Mathew Sidharth Malhotra, Parineeti Chopra, Adah Sharma, Manoj Joshi, Madhuri Sanjeev, Sharat Saxena, Nina Kulkarni, Anil Mange Nikhil is tasked with keeping his fianc\u00e9e's troublemaking sister, Meeta, from ruining his wedding. But in the process, the two become inseparable. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"How to Fix a Drug Scandal","tags":"   Two drug lab chemists' shocking crimes cripple a state's judicial system and blur the lines of justice for lawyers, officials and thousands of inmates. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania","tags":" Shashank Khaitan Varun Dhawan, Alia Bhatt, Ashutosh Rana, Sidharth Shukla, Sahil Vaid, Gaurav Pandey, Jaswant Daman, Kenneth Desai, Deepika Amin, Mahnaz Damania A small-town girl heads to Delhi to find a designer outfit for the wedding her orthodox father has arranged for her but ends up finding love instead. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Kaal","tags":" Soham Shah Ajay Devgn, Vivek Oberoi, John Abraham, Lara Dutta, Esha Deol, Vishal Malhotra, Kushal Punjabi, Vineet Sharma Trapped in a national park, a tiger expert and a group of hunters turn to an enigmatic local for help when they mysteriously begin to die one by one. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna","tags":" Karan Johar Amitabh Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Rani Mukerji, Preity Zinta, Kiron Kher, Arjun Rampal Unhappy in their respective marriages, an ex-footballer and a teacher find true love in each other, but guilt, jealousy and tragedy cloud their affair. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham","tags":" Karan Johar Amitabh Bachchan, Jaya Bhaduri, Shah Rukh Khan, Kajol, Hrithik Roshan, Kareena Kapoor, Rani Mukerji, Farida Jalal, Himani Shivpuri, Alok Nath Years after his father disowns his adopted brother for marrying a woman of lower social standing, a young man goes on a mission to reunite his family. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Kal Ho Naa Ho","tags":" Nikkhil Advani Shah Rukh Khan, Saif Ali Khan, Preity Zinta, Jaya Bhaduri, Sushma Seth, Reema Lagoo, Lillete Dubey, Delnaaz Paul An uptight MBA student falls for the charismatic new neighbor who charms her troubled family \u2013 but he has a secret that forces him to push her away. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kapoor & Sons","tags":" Shakun Batra Rishi Kapoor, Sidharth Malhotra, Fawad Khan, Alia Bhatt, Ratna Pathak Shah, Rajat Kapoor Returning home to visit their ill grandfather, two estranged brothers must confront their unresolved rivalry while their parents\u2019 marriage frays. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kuch Kuch Hota Hai","tags":" Karan Johar Shah Rukh Khan, Kajol, Rani Mukerji, Farida Jalal, Reema Lagoo, Salman Khan, Archana Puran Singh, Himani Shivpuri, Johny Lever, Anupam Kher, Sana Saeed Per her mother\u2019s last wish, a girl sets out to reunite her father with the college best friend who loved him \u2013 only to discover the woman is engaged. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Magnificent","tags":" Vikas Bahl Shahid Kapoor, Alia Bhatt, Pankaj Kapur, Sanjay Kapoor, Sushma Seth, Niki Walia, Sanah Kapur, Vikas Verma An industrialist's daughter is forced to marry a rich heir by her greedy grandmother as her adopted sister bonds with the charismatic wedding planner. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Man Like Mobeen","tags":"   Mobeen is trying to be a good friend, follow the faith and raise his teenage sister. Yet his past \u2013 and everyday life \u2013 complicates matters. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Mighty Raju Rio Calling","tags":" Rajiv Chilaka, Anirban Majumder, Alka Amarkant Dubey  Mighty Raju preps for a new adventure in Rio de Janeiro, where he goes toe-to-toe with rival soccer players, faces capoeira fighters and more. family,sportsfamily,sports"},{"title":"Muqaddar ka Faisla","tags":" Prakash Mehra Raaj Kumar, Rakhee Gulzar, Raj Babbar, Tina Munim, Pran, Ranjeet, Meenakshi Sheshadri, Akbar Khan God-fearing Pandit Krishna Kant loses everything and turns to a life of crime after his landlord tries to rape his wife and tears his family apart. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Saint Seiya","tags":"  Toru Furuya, Hirotaka Suzuoki, Ryo Horikawa, Koichi Hashimoto, Hideyuki Hori, Keiko Han, Yuriko Yamamoto, Kohei Miyauchi, Mami Koyama A band of young warriors in magical armor vow to defend the reincarnation of Greek goddess Athena against evil forces and to return her to the throne. animeanime"},{"title":"SETHUM AAYIRAM PON","tags":" Anand Ravichandran Nivedhithaa Sathish, Srilekha Rajendran, Avinash Raghudevan, Gabrella Sellus, Rathaa Krishnan P., Rajendran Meeting after many years, a makeup artist and her grandmother revisit tensions from an old family feud that still hang heavy between them. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Sunderland 'Til I Die","tags":"   This docuseries follows English soccer club Sunderland through the 2017-18 season as they try to bounce back after relegation from the Premier League. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"The Iliza Shlesinger Sketch Show","tags":"  Ilana Becker, Kerry Coddett, Tarik Davis, Matthew Dellapina, David Ebert, Stink Fisher, Iliana Inocencio, Iliza Shlesinger From the mind of comedian Iliza Shlesinger comes a fun, irreverent mix of kooky characters, sly social commentary and pop culture gags. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Little Vampire","tags":" Richard Claus, Karsten Kiilerich Matthew Marsh, Rasmus Hardiker, Miriam Margolyes, Tim Pigott-Smith, Alice Krige, Amy Saville, Joseph Kloska, Diane Wilson, Phoebe Givron-Taylor, Jim Carter, Sven De Ridder An American kid obsessed with the undead befriends and offers to help a young vampire whose family is being targeted by a merciless vampire hunter. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Runaways","tags":" Floria Sigismondi Kristen Stewart, Dakota Fanning, Michael Shannon, Stella Maeve, Scout Taylor-Compton, Alia Shawkat, Riley Keough, Johnny Lewis, Tatum O'Neal, Brett Cullen, Hannah Marks This biopic charts the rise of the rebellious California girls who formed the 1970s rock group the Runaways, paving the way for future girl musicians. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Windsors","tags":"  Harry Enfield, Haydn Gwynne, Hugh Skinner, Louise Ford, Richard Goulding, Matthew Cottle, Morgana Robinson, Celeste Dring, Katy Wix, Ellie White The all-too-public trials and tribulations of England's royal family are reimagined as an over-the-top comedic soap opera. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Ungli","tags":" Renzil D'Silva Emraan Hashmi, Randeep Hooda, Kangana Ranaut, Sanjay Dutt, Neha Dhupia, Angad Bedi, Neil Bhoopalam, Shraddha Kapoor An undercover cop finds himself in a strange position after infiltrating a \"gang\" that pulls wildly popular pranks on corrupt officials in Mumbai. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Well-Intended Love","tags":"  Xu Kaicheng, Simona Wang, Ian Yi, Huang Qian Shuo, Yang Hao Ming, Liu Jia Xi To secure a bone marrow donation, an actress diagnosed with leukemia makes a marriage pact with a young CEO \u2013 but love and secrets get in the way. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Wildling","tags":" Fritz B\u00f6hm Bel Powley, Brad Dourif, Liv Tyler, Collin Kelly-Sordelet, James Le Gros Confined to an attic for years by a man claiming to be her protector, teenage Anna is liberated and begins learning the rest of her terrifying story. suspense,foregin,fantasysuspense,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"A truthful Mother","tags":" Ravishankar Venkateswaran Revathi, Roger Narayanan, Sneha Ravishankar, Vidya Shankar, SR Leela Facing a drought, a hungry tiger and a noble cow have an extraordinary encounter in this fable based on a children\u2019s book and a Kannada folk song. familyfamily"},{"title":"Akbar\u00a0Birbal","tags":"  Kiku Sharda, Vishal Kotian, Delnaaz Irani From battles of wit to fights for justice, Emperor Akbar and his trusty advisor Birbal display their unique bond through adventures in Mughal-era India. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Dave Chappelle: The Kennedy Center Mark Twain Prize for American Humor","tags":"   Dave Chappelle is awarded the prestigious Mark Twain Prize for American Humor in a star-studded ceremony from the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Greater","tags":" David Hunt Neal McDonough, Leslie Easterbrook, Christopher Severio, Michael Parks, Nick Searcy, Peter Gray Lewis, Fredric Lehne, M.C. Gainey, Texas Battle, Josh Emerson Faith and determination transform a talentless football player at the University of Arkansas into an All-American in this inspiring true story. family,drama,sportsfamily,drama,sports"},{"title":"Indian Horse","tags":" Stephen S. Campanelli Sladen Peltier, Forrest Goodluck, Ajuawak Kapashesit, Martin Donovan, Michael Murphy, Michiel Huisman, Edna Manitowabi, Michael Lawrenchuk, Will Strongheart, Tristen Marty-Pahtaykan, Vance Banzo Stripped of his heritage at a residential school, an indigenous student finds refuge on the rink when he discovers a passion for hockey. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Paharganj","tags":" Rakesh Ranjan Kumar Lorena Franco, Bijesh Jayarajan, Neet Chowdhary, Rajeev Gaursingh, Karran Jeet, Rajesh Sharma, Gautam Kurup, Poonam Mathur, Salman Khan, Manish Devkush In the underbelly of a Delhi neighborhood, a woman\u2019s search for her missing lover collides with drugs, death and a coach grappling with his demons. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Pretty Little Stalker","tags":" Sam Irvin Nicky Whelan, Ashley Rickards, Parker Mack, Jesse Hutch, Sierra McCormick, Heather Morris, Jason Cermak, Kourtney Hansen, Jane Harber, Cory Hart, Kim DeJesus When a self-help writer's advice goes wrong, she finds herself in the crosshairs of an obsessive young woman with a thirst for vengeance. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Through My Father's Eyes: The Ronda Rousey Story","tags":" Gary Stretch Ronda Rousey This documentary chronicles former Olympian and UFC champion Ronda Rousey's ascent to iconic status in the world of mixed martial arts. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Kannum Kannum Kollaiyadithaal","tags":" Desingh Periyasamy Dulquer Salmaan, Ritu Varma, Rakshan, Niranjani, Gautham Menon, Anish Kuruvilla A carefree racing enthusiast\u2019s womanizing ways end when he meets the girl of his dreams, but their newfound peace is disrupted by a dangerous killer. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Rugal","tags":"  Choi Jin-hyuk, Park Sung-woong, Cho Dong-hyuk, Jung Hye-in, Han Ji-wan, Park Sun-ho, Kim Min-sang A police detective who loses everything to a criminal organization seeks payback when he gains special abilities through biotechnology. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Rogue Warfare","tags":" Mike Gunther Will Yun Lee, Jermaine Love, Rory Markham, Bertrand-Xavier Corbi, Katie Keene, Fernando Chien, Gina DeCesare, Michael Blalock, Chris Mulkey, Stephen Lang An elite international squad of uniquely skilled special forces is assembled to combat a rising underground terrorist threat in the Middle East. actionaction"},{"title":"Dragons: Rescue Riders: Hunt for the Golden Dragon","tags":" TJ Sullivan, Greg Rankin Noah Kaye Bentley, Brennley Brown, Zach Callison, Nicolas Cantu, Skai Jackson, Marsai Martin, Andre Robinson, Carlos Alazraqui, Jeff Bennett, Grey Griffin, Mary Elizabeth McGlynn It's the treasure hunt of a lifetime for the Rescue Riders, who must race to find a precious golden dragon egg and protect it from evil pirates. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Happy!","tags":"  Christopher Meloni, Lili Mirojnick, Glenn Wein, Patrick Fischler, Toby Jaffe, Ritchie Coster, Grant Morrison, Pavun Shetty, Medina Senghore, Patton Oswalt A boozy ex-cop turned hit man thinks he's losing his marbles when a cartoon unicorn only he can see urges him to rescue a girl kidnapped by Santa. action,action,comedyaction,action,comedy"},{"title":"Ladies Up","tags":"  Prashasti Singh, Kaneez Surka, Niveditha Prakasam, Supriya Joshi Rising India-based comics Prashasti Singh, Kaneez Surka, Supriya Joshi and Niveditha Prakasam bring no-holds-barred humor to this stand-up series. foregin,comedy,comedyforegin,comedy,comedy"},{"title":"Maska","tags":" Neeraj Udhwani Manisha Koirala, Prit Kamani, Shirley Setia, Nikita Dutta, Javed Jaffrey, Dhruv Lohumi Determined to make it in showbiz, an aspiring young actor considers turning his back on the beloved Irani caf\u00e9 run by his family for generations. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ozark","tags":"  Jason Bateman, Sofia Hublitz, Laura Linney, Skylar Gaertner, Jason Butler Harner, Esai Morales, Peter Mullan, Lisa Emery A financial adviser drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder $500 million in five years to appease a drug boss. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Decline","tags":" Patrice Lalibert\u00e9 Guillaume Laurin, Marie-Evelyne Lessard, R\u00e9al Boss\u00e9, Marc-Andr\u00e9 Grondin, Marc Beaupr\u00e9, Marilyn Castonguay, Guillaume Cyr, Isabelle Giroux, Juliette Maxyme Proulx An accident at a remote training camp leaves a group of survivalists bitterly divided \u2014 and caught in a brutal fight for their lives. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"There's Something in the Water","tags":" Ellen Page, Ian Daniel Ellen Page This documentary spotlights the struggle of minority communities in Nova Scotia as they fight officials over the lethal effects of industrial waste. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"True: Wuzzle Wegg Day","tags":" Todd Kauffman, Mark Thornton Michela Luci, Jamie Watson, Eric Peterson, Anna Claire Bartlam, Nicolas Aqui, Cory Doran, Julie Lemieux Spring has sprung in Rainbow City, and Wuzzle Wegg Day is right around the corner! But Bartleby's convinced that a Wegg-stealing monster is on the loose. familyfamily"},{"title":"Uncorked","tags":" Prentice Penny Mamoudou Athie, Courtney B. Vance, Niecy Nash, Sasha Comp\u00e8re, Bernard D. Jones, Gil Ozeri, Matt McGorry, Meera Rohit Kumbhani A young man feels torn between his dream of becoming a master sommelier and his father\u2019s expectations that he\u2019ll take over the family barbecue business. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Willy and the Guardians of the Lake: Tales from the Lakeside Winter Adventure","tags":" Zsolt P\u00e1lfi Csongor Szalay, Anna Kubik, S\u00e1ri Vida, Andr\u00e1s Farag\u00f3, R\u00f3bert Bolla As winter approaches the lake, a common threat rattles the Verdies and Grimps as Willy Whistle looks to seize his chance to become a guardian. familyfamily"},{"title":"Happy Old Year","tags":" Nawapol Thamrongrattanarit Chutimon Chuengcharoensukying, Sunny Suwanmethanont, Sarika Sartsilpsupa, Thirawat Ngosawang, Apasiri Nitibhon, Patcha Kitchaicharoen While decluttering her home, a woman\u2019s hefty house renovation leads her back to the past when she uncovers her ex-boyfriend\u2019s belongings. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Making Unorthodox","tags":" Marlene Melchior  A look at the making of one of the first series to authentically portray and explore issues in a Hasidic community as they pertain to women's lives. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Unorthodox","tags":"  Shira Haas, Amit Rahav, Jeff Wilbusch, Alex Reid, Ronit Asheri, Delia Mayer, Dina Doronne, David Mandelbaum, Yousef Sweid, Dennenesch Zoud\u00e9, Isabel Schosnig, Aaron Altaras, Tamar Amit-Joseph, Safinaz Sattar, Langston Uibel, Aziz Dyab A Hasidic Jewish woman in Brooklyn flees to Berlin from an arranged marriage and is taken in by a group of musicians \u2014 until her past comes calling. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Bethany Hamilton: Unstoppable","tags":" Aaron Lieber Bethany Hamilton This documentary follows the rising tide of Bethany Hamilton who lost her arm as a teen before making waves in pro surfing and her personal life. family,documental,sportsfamily,documental,sports"},{"title":"Crip Camp: A Disability Revolution","tags":"   A groundbreaking summer camp galvanizes a group of teens with disabilities to help build a movement, forging a new path toward greater equality. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Curtiz","tags":" Tamas Yvan Topolanszky Ferenc Lengyel, Evelin Dobos, Declan Hannigan, Scott Alexander Young, J\u00f3zsef Gyabronka, Nikolett Barabas, Yan Feldman, Rafael Feldman, Christopher Krieg, Andrew Hefler, Lili Bord\u00e1n Driven and arrogant, film director Michael Curtiz deals with studio politics and family drama during the troubled production of \"Casablanca\" in 1942. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Occupant","tags":" \u00c0lex Pastor, David Pastor Javier Guti\u00e9rrez, Mario Casas, Bruna Cus\u00ed, Ruth D\u00edaz An unemployed advertising executive begins stalking the new tenants of his former home and his motives toward the family turn sinister. foregin,foregin,suspenseforegin,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Tom Segura: Ball Hog","tags":" Rami Hachache Tom Segura Tom Segura scores laughs with uncomfortably candid stories about mothers, fathers, following your dreams \u2014 and other things you'd rather not think about. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Freud","tags":"  Robert Finster, Ella Rumpf, Georg Friedrich, Christoph Krutzler, Brigitte Kren, Anja Kling, Philipp Hochmair Eager to make his name in 19th-century Vienna, a hungry young Sigmund Freud joins a psychic and an inspector to solve a string of bloody mysteries. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"J-Style Trip","tags":"  Jay Chou, Jam Hsiao, JJ Lin, Will Tsai, Chen Chien-chou, Funky Tu, Norman Chen Megastar Jay Chou joins his A-list friends in this globe-trotting variety show packed with music and magic tricks. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"A Life of Speed: The Juan Manuel Fangio Story","tags":" Francisco Macri  Juan Manuel Fangio was the Formula One king, winning five world championships in the early 1950s \u2014 before protective gear or safety features were used. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Dino Girl Gauko","tags":"  Naoko Matsui, Hiroshi Kamiya, Kazue Ikura, Chafurin, Chie Kojiro, Mari Mashiba, Ryoko Shiraishi, Hidekatsu Shibata, Tadashi Miyazawa, Sonosuke Hattori, Karen, Yui Toita, Izu Konishi, Eri Ozaki, Risa Nakamura, Tomoyo Chujo, Takuro Hijioka, Sawako Yoshida, Chika Okubo, Yuri Fujiwara, Tomomi Yamakawa, Hikaru Yuki, Miyako Kobayashi, Mutsuki Arisawa, Koharu Nogata, Tomoka Kuzutani, Madoka Yokoyama, Madoka Hiraide, Ayako Takamura, Yuki Arimoto, Yuto Kazama, Arisa Takami, Chika Sakamoto When she gets angry, middle schooler Naoko turns into fierce dinosaur Gauko! Thanks to friends, aliens and more, her life is full of wacky incidents. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"El silencio es bienvenido","tags":" Gabriela Garc\u00eda Rivas Eileen Y\u00e1\u00f1ez, Jorge Luis Moreno, Daniela Newton, Andrea Newton, Luis Eduardo Yee, Enrique Medina, Roberto Fiesco As a teen languishes during a spiritless road trip, she learns of the troubles in her parents' marriage as a crisis in her country looms. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Greenhouse Academy","tags":"  Ariel Mortman, Finn Roberts, Chris O'Neal, Dallas Hart, Cinthya Carmona, Grace Van Dien, Benjamin Papac, Jessica Amlee, BJ Mitchell, Aviv Buchler, Nadine Ellis, Yiftach Mizrahi, Parker Stevenson, Ishai Golan, Selina Giles, Reina Hardesty When teen siblings Hayley and Alex enter an elite boarding school, they find rivalry, romance and a mystery related to the recent loss of their mom. family,drama,showfamily,drama,show"},{"title":"Self Made: Inspired by the Life of Madam C.J. Walker","tags":"  Octavia Spencer, Tiffany Haddish, Carmen Ejogo, Blair Underwood, Garrett Morris, Kevin Carroll An African American washerwoman rises from poverty to build a beauty empire and become the first female self-made millionaire. Based on a true story. dramadrama"},{"title":"She","tags":"  Aaditi Pohankar, Vijay Varma, Vishwas Kini, Kishore Kumar G., Shivani Rangole, Suhita Thatte, Sandeep Dhabale, Saqib Ayub An undercover assignment to expose a drug ring becomes a timid Mumbai constable\u2019s road to empowerment as she realizes her dormant sexuality's potential. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The English Game","tags":"  Edward Holcroft, Kevin Guthrie, Charlotte Hope, Niamh Walsh, Craig Parkinson, James Harkness, Ben Batt, Gerard Kearns, Henry Lloyd-Hughes Two 19th-century footballers on opposite sides of a class divide navigate professional and personal turmoil to change the game \u2014 and England \u2014 forever. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Letter for the King","tags":"  Amir Wilson, Ruby Ashbourne Serkis, Thaddea Graham, Islam Bouakkaz, Jonah Lees, Jack Barton, Nathanael Saleh, Emilie Cocquerel, Gijs Blom, Kemi-Bo Jacobs, David Wenham, Omid Djalili, Peter Ferdinando A young knight in training contends with ancient prophecies, magical powers and fickle companions as he sets out on an epic quest to save his kingdom. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"Tiger King: Murder, Mayhem and Madness","tags":" Eric Goode, Rebecca Chaiklin  A zoo owner spirals out of control amid a cast of eccentric characters in this true murder-for-hire story from the underworld of big cat breeding. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Ultras","tags":" Francesco Lettieri Aniello Arena, Antonia Truppo, Ciro Nacca, Simone Borelli, Daniele Vicorito, Salvatore Pelliccia An aging soccer fanatic faces down the reality of his past while struggling to give himself and a young follower very different futures. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Vampires","tags":"  Oulaya Amamra, Suzanne Cl\u00e9ment, Kate Moran, Mounir Amamra, Aliocha Schneider, Juliette Cardinski, Pierre Lottin, Dylan Robert, Bilel Chegrani, Antonia Buresi, Marilu Marini, Ayumi Roux A Paris teen who's half human, half vampire grapples with her emerging powers and family turmoil as she's pursued by a secret vampire community. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"3022","tags":" John Suits Omar Epps, Kate Walsh, Miranda Cosgrove, Angus Macfadyen, Jorja Fox, Enver Gjokaj, Haaz Sleiman Stranded when the Earth is suddenly destroyed in a mysterious cataclysm, the astronauts aboard a marooned space station slowly lose their minds. foregin,fantasy,suspenseforegin,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Altered Carbon: Resleeved","tags":" Takeru Nakajima, Yoshiyuki Okada Tatsuhisa Suzuki, Rina Satou, Ayaka Asai, Jouji Nakata, Kenji Yamauchi, Kanehira Yamamoto, Koji Ishii On the planet Latimer, Takeshi Kovacs must protect a tattooist while investigating the death of a yakuza boss alongside a no-nonsense CTAC. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Masameer - The Movie","tags":" Malik Nejer Malik Nejer, Shahad Alahmari, Abdulaziz Almuzaini, Yousef Aldakheel A young girl passionate about AI sets out to make an impact as three friends become crime-fighting superheroes. Based on the hit animated web series. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"AllI Wish","tags":" Susan Walter Sharon Stone, Tony Goldwyn, Liza Lapira, Ellen Burstyn, Jason Gibson, Famke Janssen, Caitlin Fitzgerald, Gilles Marini, Erica Ash, Tom Paolino Over a series of birthdays, a happy-go-lucky, commitment-averse fashion designer strives to bring a bit of calm to her chaotic love life. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Caliphate","tags":"  Aliette Opheim, Gizem Erdogan, Amed Bozan, Albin Grenholm, Nora Rios, Yussra El Abdouni, Amanda Sohrabi, Lancelot Ncube, Simon Mezher, Ala Riani An impending ISIS attack on Sweden entangles a group of women, including a mother in a bind, a spirited student and an ambitious cop. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Lu Over the Wall","tags":" Masaaki Yuasa Kanon Tani, Shota Shimoda, Shinichi Shinohara, Akira Emoto, Soma Saito, Minako Kotobuki, Daigo, Nobu Middle schooler Kai's depressing life in a boring fishing village changes drastically when a local mermaid named Lu joins his band. anime,music,fantasyanime,music,fantasy"},{"title":"Women Of The Night","tags":"  Karina Smulders, Susan Radder, Hilde Van Mieghem, Thijs R\u00f6mer, Matteo van der Grijn, Daphne Wellens, Steef de Bot, Isis Cabolet, Dragan Bakema, Saman Amini, Roeland Fernhout, Anne-Laure Vandeputte Haunted by a shadowy past, the wife of a rising star in Amsterdam's mayoral office finds herself drawn into the city\u2019s underworld of sex and drugs. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"XV: Beyond the Tryline","tags":" Pierre Deschamps  Set against the 2015 Rugby World Cup, this documentary captures the allure of rugby as told by fans, players and others who have touched the game. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Bert Kreischer: Hey Big Boy","tags":" Jeff Tomsic Bert Kreischer Ever the stand-up party animal, comic Bert Kreischer riffs on parenting and family life, being a gun and pet owner, his dad discovering pot, and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Shaun the Sheep: Adventures from Mossy Bottom","tags":"  John Sparkes, Justin Fletcher, Marcus Brigstocke, Simon Greenall, Kate Harbour, Emma Tate, Andy Nyman, Richard Webber Clever sheep Shaun, loyal dog Bitzer and the rest of the Mossy Bottom gang cook up oodles of fun and mischief on the farm. foregin,family,comedyforegin,family,comedy"},{"title":"We Speak Dance","tags":"  Vandana Hart Trained dancer Vandana Hart travels the world to learn traditional and urban dance styles from the local experts who know them best. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Search Party","tags":" Scot Armstrong T.J. Miller, Adam Pally, Thomas Middleditch, Lance Reddick, Shannon Woodward, Alison Brie, Krysten Ritter, Jason Mantzoukas Two guys hope to reunite their friend with his runaway bride, unaware that he's been carjacked, stripped and stranded in the Mexican desert. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Bypass Road","tags":" Naman Nitin Mukesh Neil Nitin Mukesh, Adah Sharma, Rajit Kapoor, Gul Panag, Shama Sikander, Manish Chaudhary, Sudhanshu Pandey, Taher Shabbir On the night his ex-lover mysteriously dies, a top fashion designer has a serious accident, raising questions on whether the incidents are linked. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Ken Burns Presents: College Behind Bars: A Film by Lynn Novick and Produced by Sarah Botstein","tags":" Lynn Novick  This docuseries follows several incarcerated people as they pursue a college degree through the Bard Prison Initiative, a rigorous education program. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Jai Mummy Di","tags":" Navjot Gulati Poonam Dhillon, Supriya Pathak, Sunny Singh, Sonalli Sehgall, Rajendra Sethi, Veer Rajwant Singh, Danish Husain, Alok Nath Sick of keeping their love a secret from their constantly bickering mothers, a young couple seeks to uncover the cause of the women\u2019s longstanding war. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"100 Humans","tags":"  Zainab Johnson, Sammy Obeid, Alie Ward One hundred hardy souls from diverse backgrounds participate in playful experiments exploring age, sex, happiness and other aspects of being human. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Baby Mamas","tags":" Stephanie Zwane Salamina Mosese, Kay Smith, Thembisa Mdoda, Dineo Ranaka, Sthembiso Khoza, Khaya Mthembu, Jonathan Boynton-Lee, Nicholas Nkuna, Donovan Pietersen, Pamela Nomvete From surprise news to relationship blues, four coworkers in different stages of motherhood unite to support each other in their struggles with men. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bloodride","tags":"  Ine Marie Wilmann, Bj\u00f8rnar Teigen, Emma Spetalen Magnusson, Erlend R\u00f8dal Vikhagen, Benjamin Helstad, Harald Rosenstr\u00f8m, Dagny Backer Johnsen, Stig Amdam, Numa Edema Norderhaug, Ellen Bendu, Torfinn Nag The doomed passengers aboard a spectral bus head toward a gruesome, unknown destination in this deliciously macabre horror anthology series. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Go Karts","tags":" Owen Trevor William Lodder, Anastasia Bampos, Darius Amarfio-Jefferson, Richard Roxburgh, Frances O'Connor, Dan Wyllie, Cooper van Grootel, Damian de Montemas, Adam T. Perkins A fearless teen leans into the rush of high-speed go-kart racing, backed by good friends \u2014 and a surly ex-driver who becomes his coach. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Justine","tags":" Stephanie Turner Stephanie Turner, Glynn Turman, Daisy Prescott, Darby Stanchfield, Josh Stamberg, Bridget Kallal, Ravi Cabot-Conyers, Cleo King, Melanie Hutsell A widowed, single mom takes a job caring for a young girl with spina bifida, and the two discover they have more in common than they realized. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Kingdom","tags":" Kim Seong-hun Ju Ji-hoon, Ryu Seung-ryong, Bae Doona, Kim Sang-ho, Kim Sung-kyu, Jeon Seok-ho, Kim Hye-jun, Heo Jun-ho, Jung Suk-won, Kim Jong-soo While strange rumors about their ill king grip a kingdom, the crown prince becomes their only hope against a mysterious plague overtaking the land. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"Lost Girls","tags":" Liz Garbus Amy Ryan, Gabriel Byrne, Thomasin McKenzie, Lola Kirke, Oona Laurence, Dean Winters, Miriam Shor, Reed Birney, Kevin Corrigan, Stan Carp Desperate to find her missing daughter, a mother fights to uncover the truth \u2014 and helps expose a string of unsolved murders. Based on a true story. dramadrama"},{"title":"Miracle in Cell No. 7","tags":" Mehmet Ada \u00d6ztekin Aras Bulut \u0130ynemli, Nisa Sofiya Aksongur, Deniz Baysal, Celile Toyon Uysal, \u0130lker Aksum, Mesut Akusta Separated from his daughter, a father with an intellectual disability must prove his innocence when he is jailed for the death of a commander's child. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Valhalla Murders","tags":"  N\u00edna D\u00f6gg Filippusd\u00f3ttir, Bj\u00f6rn Thors, Bergur Ebbi, Ald\u00eds Amah Hamilton, Sigur\u00f0ur Sk\u00falason, Tinna Hrafnsd\u00f3ttir, Arnd\u00eds Hr\u00f6nn Egilsd\u00f3ttir, Edda Bj\u00f6rgvinsd\u00f3ttir, Valur Freyr Einarsson, Damon Younger An Oslo detective with a painful past returns to his native Iceland to help a dedicated cop hunt a serial killer with a link to a mysterious photo. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Dirty Money","tags":"   From crippling payday loans to cars that cheat emissions tests, this investigative series exposes brazen acts of corporate greed and corruption. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"On My Block","tags":"  Sierra Capri, Jason Genao, Brett Gray, Diego Tinoco, Julio Macias, Jessica Marie Garcia, Ronni Hawk, Peggy Ann Blow, Paula Garc\u00e9s, Danny Ramirez In a rough inner-city Los Angeles neighborhood, four smart, funny and streetwise teens find their lifelong friendship tested as they begin high school. romance,comedy,dramaromance,comedy,drama"},{"title":"The Circle Brazil","tags":"  Giovanna Ewbank Be yourself or someone else? In this fun reality competition, online players try their best to flirt, bond and catfish their way to a R$300,000 prize. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Carmen Sandiego: To Steal or Not to Steal","tags":" Jos Humphrey Gina Rodriguez, Finn Wolfhard, Abby Trott, Michael Hawley, Liam O'Brien, Mary Elizabeth McGlynn, Toks Olagundoye, Sharon Muthu You drive the action in this interactive adventure, helping Carmen save Ivy and Zack when V.I.L.E. captures them during a heist in Shanghai. familyfamily"},{"title":"Marc Maron: End Times Fun","tags":" Lynn Shelton Marc Maron Marc Maron wades through a swamp of vitamin hustlers, evangelicals and grown male nerd children, culminating in a gleefully filthy end-times fantasy. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Sitara: Let Girls Dream","tags":" Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy  In this silent short set in 1970s Pakistan, 14-year-old Pari longs to be a pilot, unaware that her father plans to marry her off to a much older man. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"All About Love","tags":" Adze Ugah Chris Attoh, Katlego Danke, Enyinna Nwigwe, Nomzamo Mbatha, Richard Lukunku, Zenande Mfenyane, Leroy Gopal, Angela Sithole An inseparable couple struggles to stay together when betrayal threatens to tear their lives apart. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Guilty","tags":" Ruchi Narain Kiara Advani, Akansha Ranjan Kapoor, Gurfateh Pirzada, Taher Shabbir, Niki Walia, Manu Rishi Chadha, Dalip Tahil, Kunal Vijaykar When a college heartthrob is accused of rape by a less popular student, his girlfriend navigates various versions of the story in search of the truth. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"I am Jonas","tags":" Christophe Charrier F\u00e9lix Maritaud, Nicolas Bauwens, Tommy Lee Ba\u00efk, Aure Atika, Marie Denarnaud, Ilian Bergala, Pierre Cartonnet, Marcel Bouzige, Nicolas Sartous A turbulent past haunts Jonas, who recalls his teenage love affair with the impulsive, twisted and yet irresistible Nathan. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Miles Davis: Birth of the Cool","tags":" Stanley Nelson Miles Davis, Carl Lumbly Unpack the mythology of Miles Davis and learn the true story of a jazz legend with never-before-seen footage and celebrity interviews. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Spenser Confidential","tags":" Peter Berg Mark Wahlberg, Winston Duke, Alan Arkin, Bokeem Woodbine, Iliza Shlesinger, Hope Olaide Wilson, Marc Maron Spenser, an ex-cop and ex-con, teams up with aspiring fighter Hawk to uncover a sinister conspiracy tied to the deaths of two Boston police officers. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Twin Murders: the Silence of the White City","tags":" Daniel Calparsoro Bel\u00e9n Rueda, Javier Rey, Aura Garrido, Manolo Solo, Alex Brendem\u00fchl, Ram\u00f3n Barea, Sergio Dorado, Allende Blanco, Rub\u00e9n Ochandiano A detective returns to Vitoria-Gasteiz to solve murders mimicking those allegedly committed by a serial killer who's about to be released from prison. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Ugly Delicious","tags":"  David Chang, Peter Meehan All the flavor. None of the BS. Star chef David Chang leads friends on a mouthwatering, cross-cultural hunt for the world's most satisfying grub. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"93 Days","tags":" Steve Gukas Bimbo Akintola, Somkele Iyamah, Danny Glover, Gideon Okeke, Seun Kentebe, Keppy Ekpenyong, Zara Udofia Ejoh, Bimbo Manuel, Patrick Diabuah, Tina Mba, Alastair Mackenzie, Tim Reid Heroic health workers fight to contain an Ebola outbreak when a patient arrives in Lagos with symptoms of the deadly virus. Based on a true story. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Mighty Little Bheem: Festival of Colors","tags":"  Samruddhi Shukla, Aranya Kaur, Rajesh Kava, Nishka Raheja, Sabina Malik, Shanoor Mirza From surprising stage performances to spraying colors with friends, join baby Bheem for all his Holi hijinks during the special spring festival. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Tootsies & The Fake","tags":" Kittiphak Thonguam Araya A. Hargate, Paopetch Charoensook, Thongkanthom Thongchai, Ratthanant Janyajirawong, Pattarasaya Kreuasuwansri, Gunn Svasti Na Ayudhya, Kritsanapoom Pibulsonggram, Keetapat Pongruea After knocking a celebrity unconscious before a huge job, a bumbling pack of pals tries to avoid a lawsuit by replacing her with a look-alike. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Aurora","tags":" Cristi Puiu Cristi Puiu, Clara Voda, Catrinel Dumitrescu, Luminita Gheorghiu, Valentin Popescu, Gheorghe Ifrim, Ileana Puiu, Valeria Seciu, Gelu Colceag 42-year-old Viorel, a distraught engineer, takes drastic measures to end his emotional suffering after enduring a devastating divorce. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Lil Peep: Everybody\u2019s Everything","tags":" Sebastian Jones, Ramez Silyan Lil Peep This intimate portrait depicts the rise of artist Lil Peep, whose genre-bending music attracted a massive following and ultimately defined his life. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"The Death of Mr. Lazarescu","tags":" Cristi Puiu Monica B\u00e2rl\u0103deanu, Ion Fiscuteanu, Doru Ana, Dragos Bucur, Gabriel Spahiu, Dan Chiriac, Luminita Gheorghiu, Alina Berzunteanu, Dana Dogaru, Mimi Br\u0103nescu The plot of Romanian director Cristi Puiu's real-time drama is simple, following the travails of an ailing old man who waits for his illness to overtake him as a weary paramedic shuttles him between hospitals. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Velvet","tags":" Carlos Sedes Paula Echevarr\u00eda, Miguel \u00c1ngel Silvestre, Aitana S\u00e1nchez-Gij\u00f3n, Manuela Velasco, Manuela Vell\u00e9s, Marta Hazas, Javier Rey, Maxi Iglesias, Cecilia Freire, Adri\u00e1n Lastra, Miriam Giovanelli, Natalia Mill\u00e1n, Jos\u00e9 Sacrist\u00e1n, Ingrid Rubio, Peter Vives, Lloren\u00e7 Gonz\u00e1lez, \u00c1ngela Molina, Pastora Vega In 1950s Spain, the heir to a fashion house romances a beautiful seamstress who works for the company, despite the objections of his family. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Freaks","tags":" Adam B. Stein, Zach Lipovsky Emile Hirsch, Bruce Dern, Lexy Kolker, Grace Park, Amanda Crew, Aleks Paunovic, Michelle Harrison Hidden away by her eccentric father, a mysterious young girl uncovers frightening truths when she starts to make contact with the outside world. foregin,fantasy,suspenseforegin,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Luccas Neto in: The End of Christmas","tags":" Lucas Margutti Luccas Neto, Giovanna Alparone, Cleber Salgado, Bruno Bebianno, Lucas Margutti, Vivian Duarte To save Christmas, Luccas and Gi head to the North Pole and are recruited by Santa Claus to find all the gifts that have mysteriously disappeared. family,comedy,musicfamily,comedy,music"},{"title":"Taylor Tomlinson: Quarter-Life Crisis","tags":" Marcus Raboy Taylor Tomlinson She's halfway through her 20s \u2014 and she's over it. Too old to party, too young to settle down, comedian Taylor Tomlinson takes aim at her life choices. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Last Bomb of the Second World War","tags":" Athiyan Athirai Dinesh, Anandhi, Munishkanth, Riythvika, John Vijay A piece of unexploded ordnance wreaks havoc on the lives of a scrapyard worker whose truck it falls into and an anti-war activist who's hunting for it. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Uncovered","tags":" Zuko Nodada Nqobile Khumalo, Robert Hobbs, S'Thandiwe Kgoroge, Dumisani Mbebe, Thandeka Nodada, Fezile Makhanya To solve her sister's murder, a corporate prot\u00e9g\u00e9 assumes her sibling's investigation into a mining conspiracy that could implicate her own boss. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"W.E.","tags":" Madonna Abbie Cornish, Andrea Riseborough, James D'Arcy, Oscar Isaac, Richard Coyle, David Harbour, James Fox, Judy Parfitt, Haluk Bilginer, Geoffrey Palmer, Natalie Dormer This glossy ensemble drama juxtaposes the lives of famous divorc\u00e9e Wallis Simpson and Wally Winthrop, a young 1990s housewife. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Fat Ballerina - David A. Arnold","tags":" Milton Horowitz David A. Arnold Finally comfortable in his skin, seasoned comic David A. Arnold shares his talent for doing nothing, how he's petty and why divorce saves marriages. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Akame ga Kill!","tags":"  Sora Amamiya, Soma Saito, Yukari Tamura, Yuu Asakawa, Mamiko Noto, Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Katsuyuki Konishi, Risa Mizuno, Satomi Akesaka Tatsumi sets out on a journey to help his poor village. When he's rescued by a band of assassins, he joins their fight against the corrupt government. anime,action,foreginanime,action,foregin"},{"title":"Babylon Berlin","tags":"  Volker Bruch, Liv Lisa Fries, Peter Kurth, Leonie Benesch, Matthias Brandt, Severija Janusauskaite, Fritzi Haberlandt, Ivan Shvedoff, Lars Eidinger, Anton von Lucke, Misel Maticevic A Soviet freight train's hijacking leads a haunted cop and a poor typist to uncover a political conspiracy amid the vice and glamour of 1929 Berlin. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Bhangra Paa Le","tags":" Sneha Taurani Sunny Kaushal, Rukshar Dhillon, Shriya Pilgaonkar, Parmeet Sethi, Samir Soni, Chaitanya Sharma, Sheeba Chaddha, Akarsh Khurana Determined to bring traditional bhangra to the world stage, a dancer preps for an international competition against a rival with dreams of her own. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Frank & Lola","tags":" Matthew Ross Michael Shannon, Imogen Poots, Michael Nyqvist, Justin Long, Stella Schnabel, Rosanna Arquette, Emmanuelle Devos A talented Las Vegas chef falls in love with an aspiring fashion designer but turns violently jealous when he realizes that she's hiding dark secrets. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Hugo","tags":" Martin Scorsese Ben Kingsley, Sacha Baron Cohen, Asa Butterfield, Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz, Ray Winstone, Emily Mortimer, Christopher Lee, Helen McCrory, Michael Stuhlbarg, Frances de la Tour, Jude Law, Johnny Depp, Edmund Kingsley, Richard Griffiths, Angus Barnett, Michael Pitt, Gulliver McGrath, Eric Moreau, Chloe Grace Moretz Living inside a Paris train station, an orphan eludes the rigid stationmaster, meets a legendary filmmaker and finds the key to unlocking his destiny. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Ordinary World","tags":" Lee Kirk Billie Joe Armstrong, Fred Armisen, Judy Greer, Selma Blair, Chris Messina, Brian Baumgartner, John Doman, Madisyn Shipman, Kevin Corrigan, Mia Dillon, Lucas Papaelias A suburban dad having a midlife crisis throws a lavish 40th birthday party to celebrate his punk-rock past but discovers it's not easy going back. comedy,drama,musiccomedy,drama,music"},{"title":"Pop, Lock 'n Roll","tags":" Ziggy Hofmeyr Maurice Paige, Yasirah Bhelz, Lionel Newton, Tarryn Alberts, Sandile Sand Zulu, Duane Lawrence, Robyn Brophy, Brady Brophy, Raylene Jacobs, Jason Meyer An ambitious hip-hop dancer jeopardizes his rising career when his affections for an ominous producer's wife threatens to stomp out all of his success. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"There Will Be Blood","tags":" Paul Thomas Anderson Daniel Day-Lewis, Paul Dano, Kevin J. O'Connor, Ciar\u00e1n Hinds, Dillon Freasier, Sydney McCallister, David Willis, David Warshofsky, Colton Woodward, Russell Harvard An ambitious prospector strikes it rich and turns a simple village into a boomtown, stoking the ire of a charismatic young preacher. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Voulez-vous rire avec moi ce soir?","tags":" Yacine Belhousse Gad Elmaleh, Eddie Izzard, Bill Burr, Todd Barry, Kyan Khojandi, Judah Friedlander, Blanche Gardin, Mike Ward, Igor Meerson, Dan Naturman, Tony Law, Daniel Gagnon, Sebastian Marx, Michael Mittermeier, Paul Taylor, Korine C\u00f4t\u00e9, Guillermo Guiz, Virginie Fortin, Francesco De Carlo French humorist Yacine Belhousse tours the world to explore how stand-up comedians make audiences laugh across cultures. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"ZZ TOP: THAT LITTLE OL' BAND FROM TEXAS","tags":" Sam Dunn  This documentary delves into the mystique behind the blues-rock trio and explores how the enigmatic band created their iconic look and sound. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"All The Bright Places","tags":" Brett Haley Elle Fanning, Justice Smith, Luke Wilson, Keegan-Michael Key, Alexandra Shipp, Lamar Johnson, Virginia Gardner, Kelli O'Hara, Felix Mallard, Sofia Hasmik Two teens facing personal struggles form a powerful bond as they embark on a cathartic journey chronicling the wonders of Indiana. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Always a Witch","tags":"  Angely Gaviria, Sebasti\u00e1n Eslava, Luis Fernando Hoyos, Ver\u00f3nica Orozco, Lenard Vanderaa, Sof\u00eda Araujo, Dylan Fuentes, Valeria Emiliani, Dub\u00e1n Prado, Carlos Quintero A young 17th-century witch time travels to the future to save the man she loves, but first must adjust to present-day Cartagena and defeat a dark rival. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Amit Tandon: Family Tandoncies","tags":"  Amit Tandon From the death of romance in marriage to the injustices of modern-day parenting, Amit Tandon shares wisdom and wisecracks as a battle-scarred family guy. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Queen Sono","tags":"  Pearl Thusi, Vuyo Dabula, Loyiso Madinga, Kate Liquorish, Sechaba Morojele, Rob van Vuuren, Chi Mhende, Otto Nobela, Khathu Ramabulana, Enhle Mlotshwa South African spy Queen Sono finds herself in a nefarious web of business and politics as she seeks to uncover the truth behind her mother's death. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Toy Boy","tags":"  Jes\u00fas Mosquera, Cristina Casta\u00f1o, Mar\u00eda Pedraza, Jos\u00e9 de la Torre, Carlo Costanzia, Raudel Ra\u00fal Martiato, Juanjo Almeida, Jos\u00e9 Manuel Seda, \u00c1lex Gadea, Javier Mora, Pedro Casablanc, Elisa Matilla, Mar\u00eda Pujalte, Adelfa Calvo After seven years in a M\u00e1laga prison, a male stripper is released pending retrial and sets out to prove his lover framed him for her husband's murder. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Unstoppable","tags":"  Tessa Ia, B\u00e1rbara L\u00f3pez, Luc\u00eda Uribe, Coty Camacho, Diego Calva Hern\u00e1ndez, Tom\u00e1s Ruiz A group of friends set out on a road trip when an unexpected fourth passenger forces an abrupt change of plans. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo","tags":" Trivikram Srinivas Allu Arjun, Pooja Hegde, Tabu, Sushanth, Nivetha Pethuraj, Jayaram, Murli Sharma After growing up enduring criticism from his father, a young man finds his world shaken upon learning he was switched at birth with a millionaire\u2019s son. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Altered Carbon","tags":"  Joel Kinnaman, James Purefoy, Martha Higareda, Ren\u00e9e Elise Goldsberry, Dichen Lachman, Will Yun Lee, Kristin Lehman, Chris Conner, Ato Essandoh, Tamara Taylor, Byron Mann After 250 years on ice, a prisoner returns to life in a new body with one chance to win his freedom: by solving a mind-bending murder. action,action,dramaaction,action,drama"},{"title":"Followers","tags":"  Miki Nakatani, Elaiza Ikeda, Mari Natsuki, Yuka Itaya, KOM_I, Mika Nakashima, Tadanobu Asano, Shuhei Uesugi, Nobuaki Kaneko, Hidekazu Mashima, Sho Kasamatsu, Yutaro When an aspiring actress hits it big thanks to a candid Instagram post, the lives of several Tokyo women cross as they struggle to define happiness IRL. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Pok\u00e9mon: Mewtwo Strikes Back - Evolution","tags":" Kunihiko Yuyama, Motonori Sakakibara Sarah Natochenny, Dan Green, Bill Rogers, Michele Knotz, Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld, Rodger Parsons After accepting an invitation from a mysterious trainer, Ash, Misty and Brock meet Mewtwo, an artificially created Pok\u00e9mon who wants to do battle. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Six Windows in the Desert","tags":" Ali Kalthami, Meshal Aljaser, Faris Godus, Mohamed al Salman, Faisal al Amer Moayad Alnefaie, Mohammed Alhamdan, Citi Bet Baydi, Sadeem Alshehri, Mohammed Albakri, Moayed Althagafi, Hussain Alyahya, Abeer Alotaibi, Zara Albalushi, Ali Alshehabi From a theatre play to the aftermath of a plane crash, this collection of shorts from Saudi filmmakers depicts the nuances of Saudi Arabian culture. showshow"},{"title":"Couple of Days","tags":" Tolu Awobiyi Lilian Esoro, Ademola Adedoyin, Enyima Nwigwe, Kiki Omeili, Okey Uzoeshi, Adesua Etomi, Olayode Juliana, Falz Three couples, each in different phases of romance, head to Ibadan for a fun and frisky holiday. But secrets soon spill, causing trouble in paradise. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Gbomo Gbomo Express","tags":" Walter Taylaur Ramsey Nouah, Gideon Okeke, Osas Ighodaro Ajibade, Blossom Chukwujekwu, Kiki Omeili, Gbenro Ajibade, Ikechukwu, Alexx Ekubo, Shaffy Bello The night spins sinisterly out of control when incompetent kidnappers hold a club-hopping record exec and a socialite for ransom in this dark comedy. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"I Am Not Okay With This","tags":"  Sophia Lillis, Wyatt Oleff, Kathleen Rose Perkins, Sofia Bryant, Richard Ellis, Sophia Tatum, David Theune, Zachary S. Williams, Aidan Wojtak-Hissong Angsty Syd navigates high school awkwardness, family drama and an unrequited crush on her best friend while trying to rein in her budding superpowers. comedy,drama,fantasycomedy,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Taxi Driver","tags":" Daniel Oriahi Odunlade Adekola, Ijeoma Grace Agu, Richard Akinlade, Babajide Alimison, Hafeez Oyetoro, Femi Jacobs, Toyin Oshinaike, Kelechi Udegbe After his father dies, a young mechanic moves to the city to drive the old man\u2019s taxi, and encounters assassins and a motley crew of urban weirdos. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Arbitration","tags":" Niyi Akinmolayan Adesua Etomi, O.C. Ukeje, Ireti Doyle, Sola Fosudo, Somkele Iyamah, Lota Chukwu, Gregory Ojefua, Beverly Naya, Bimbo Ademoye, Pius Fatoke An arbitration panel is formed after a company CEO in Nigeria is sued for wrongful dismissal and rape by an employee with whom he had an affair. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Trials of Gabriel Fernandez","tags":"   A boy\u2019s brutal murder and the public trials of his guardians and social workers prompt questions about the system\u2019s protection of vulnerable children. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"When Love Happens","tags":" Seyi Babatope Weruche Opia, Gideon Okeke, Beverly Naya, O.C. Ukeje, Shaffy Bello, Oreka Godis Fed up with coordinating weddings for everyone else, unlucky-in-love event planner Mo turns to the internet to see if she can find her own Mr. Right. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Pete Davidson: Alive From New York","tags":" Jason Orley Pete Davidson Comedian and \"SNL\" star Pete Davidson drops a candid and intimate stand-up special shot live in New York City. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Full Count","tags":" Robert Eagar John Paul Kakos, Natalia Livingston, E. Roger Mitchell, Rick Hearst, Jason London, Victoria Elizabeth Staley, Adam Boyer When tragic events force an aspiring baseball player to forgo his big league dreams and return home, saving the family farm grants him renewed purpose. family,drama,religionfamily,drama,religion"},{"title":"Hi Bye, Mama!","tags":"  Kim Tae-hee, Lee Kyoo-hyung, Go Bo-gyeol, Shin Dong-mi, Seo Woo-jin, Lee Si-woo, Oh Eui-sik, Ahn Nae-sang, Kim Mee-kyeong, Park Su-young, Kim Mi-su, Yoon Sa-bong When the ghost of a woman gains a second chance at life for 49 days, she reappears in front of her remarried husband and young daughter. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Girl on the Third Floor","tags":" Travis Stevens CM Punk, Trieste Kelly Dunn, Sarah Brooks, Elissa Dowling, Karen Woditsch, Marshall Bean, Anish Jethmalani, Bishop Stevens, Tonya Kay A husband with a bad track record tries to start anew by renovating a rundown Victorian for his family, only to find he's tackled a house out of hell. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Unabomber - In His Own Words","tags":" Mick Grogan Ted Kaczynski The CIA attempts to turn Ted Kaczynski, aka the Unabomber, into a super agent \u2014 a plan that backfires. Based on real events. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Gentefied","tags":"  J.J. Soria, Carlos Santos, Karrie Martin, Joaqu\u00edn Cos\u00edo, Julissa Calderon, Annie Gonzalez, Laura Patalano, Felipe Esparza The Morales cousins scramble to save their grandfather's taco shop \u2014 and pursue their own dreams \u2014 as gentrification shakes up their LA neighborhood. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Hyena","tags":"  Kim Hye-soo, Ju Ji-hoon, Lee Gyoung-young, Kim Ho-jung, Song Young-kyu, Hwang Bo-ra, Jeon Seok-ho, Hyun Bong-sik, Park Se-jin To survive in a dog-eat-dog world, two rival lawyers with high-class clientele tear apart anything that stands in the way of their ambitions. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Puerta 7","tags":"  Dolores Fonzi, Esteban Lamothe, Carlos Belloso, Juan Gil Navarro, Daniel Ar\u00e1oz, Antonio Grimau, Ignacio Quesada, M\u00f3nica Ayos, Daniel Valenzuela A determined woman works to rid an Argentine soccer club of the violent crime and corruption surrounding its intense fanbase. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"System Crasher","tags":" Nora Fingscheidt Helena Zengel, Albrecht Schuch, Gabriela Maria Schmeide, Lisa Hagmeister, Melanie Straub, Victoria Trauttmansdorff, Maryam Zaree, Tedros Teclebrhan Traumatized, violent and yearning for love, 9-year-old Benni bonds with a gruff mentor as child-services workers struggle to find her a home. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Body","tags":" Jeethu Joseph Rishi Kapoor, Emraan Hashmi, Sobhita Dhulipala, Vedika, Anupam Bhattacharya, Chandan Anand, Arif Zakaria, Rukhsar Ahmed Mind games and mystery abound as a detective investigates the disappearance of a woman\u2019s body from a morgue in this Hindi remake of a Spanish thriller. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"The Last Thing He Wanted","tags":" Dee Rees Anne Hathaway, Ben Affleck, Willem Dafoe, Toby Jones, Rosie Perez, Edi Gathegi, Mel Rodriguez, Onata Aprile A hard-hitting reporter becomes entangled in the story she\u2019s trying to break when she helps her ailing father broker an arms deal in Central America. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Yeh Ballet","tags":" Sooni Taraporevala Julian Sands, Manish Chauhan, Achintya Bose, Jim Sarbh, Danish Husain, Vijay Maurya, Heeba Shah, Kalyanee Mulay Discovered by an eccentric ballet master, two gifted but underprivileged Mumbai teens face bigotry and disapproval as they pursue their dancing dreams. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Pretville","tags":" Linda Korsten Marlee van der Merwe, Eugene Jensen, Marno van der Merwe, Lizelle de Klerk, Steve Hofmeyr, Sanet Ackermann, Terence Bridgett, Annette Engelbrecht, Rina Nienaber, Lizz Meiring A farm boy and a greaser pluck at the heartstrings of their town's most beloved daughter while her mom faces old feelings when a pop star comes home. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Spectros","tags":"  Danilo Mesquita, Cl\u00e1udia Okuno, Mariana Sena, Enzo Barone, Drop Dashi, Miwa Yanagizawa, Carlos Takeshi, Daniel Rocha, Kelzy Ecard, Norival Rizzo, Nicolas Trevijano, Jui Huang, Jimmy Wong, Fania Espinosa, Wallie Ruy, Beg\u00ea Muniz, Antonio Miano, Ricardo Iazzetta, Mayhara Ribeiro, Jairo Mattos A group of teens get caught up in a supernatural clash as vengeful spirits from centuries past rise up in the Liberdade district of S\u00e3o Paulo. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Untamed Romania","tags":" Tom Barton-Humphreys  This documentary explores how the legendary creatures of Romania's vast wilderness roam free yet endure the ever-changing seasons. family,documental,foreginfamily,documental,foregin"},{"title":"DreamWorks Shrek's Swamp Stories","tags":"  Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Kristen Schaal, Simon Cowell, Gilles Marini, Charlotte Newhouse, Dean Edwards, Cody Cameron, Christopher Knights, Conrad Vernon Shrek celebrates Halloween, Puss in Boots is captured by soldiers, and the gang participates in a kingdom-wide singing competition. family,action,comedyfamily,action,comedy"},{"title":"By the Sea","tags":" Angelina Jolie Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt, M\u00e9lanie Laurent, Melvil Poupaud, Niels Arestrup, Richard Bohringer Troubled by the state of their marriage, Vanessa and Roland visit a French seaside town, where they have a fateful encounter with a pair of newlyweds. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Miss Virginia","tags":" R.J. Daniel Hanna Uzo Aduba, Matthew Modine, Aunjanue Ellis, Niles Fitch, Amirah Vann, Nadji Jeter, Michael Beasley, Adina Porter, Vanessa Williams Determined to give her son a private school education, a single mother in the inner city uses all her resources to try to effect change in the system. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"MR. RIGHT","tags":" Paco Cabezas Sam Rockwell, Anna Kendrick, Tim Roth, James Ransone, Anson Mount, Michael Eklund, RZA, Katie Nehra Fresh off a bad relationship, thrill-seeking Martha finds romance and danger with Francis, a hit man who's decided to turn the tables on his clients. action,comedy,romanceaction,comedy,romance"},{"title":"On the Real","tags":" Tosin Coker Ini Dima Okojie, Akah Nnani, Nancy Isime, Maurice Sam, David Jones David, Angel Funto Johnson, Pearl Okorie, Tomiwa Tegbe, Peanut Omatsola A group of reality stars transitions into their newly achieved fame while dealing with the demands of an obnoxious TV executive and their regular lives. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Term Life","tags":" Peter Billingsley Vince Vaughn, Hailee Steinfeld, Jonathan Banks, Bill Paxton, Mike Epps, Jordi Moll\u00e0, William Levy, Jon Favreau, Taraji P. Henson, Shea Whigham, Cain Velasquez After a botched job, a heist mastermind must run from gangsters and stay alive long enough for his daughter to benefit from his life insurance policy. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Forest","tags":" Jason Zada Natalie Dormer, Taylor Kinney, Yukiyoshi Ozawa, Eoin Macken, Stephanie Vogt, Rina Takasaki, Noriko Sakura, Yuho Yamashita A young woman conducts a search for her twin sister, who disappeared in a notorious area of Japan known as the Suicide Forest. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Talking Tom and Friends","tags":"  Colin Hanks, Tom Kenny, James Adomian, Lisa Schwartz, Maria Bamford Full of funny one-liners and always ready for an adventure, a talking cat and his equally chatty animal cohorts set out to become famous. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"A Shaun the Sheep Movie: Farmageddon","tags":" Richard Phelan, Will Becher Justin Fletcher, John Sparkes, Amalia Vitale, Kate Harbour, David Holt Shaun and the flock race to help an adorable alien find her way home after her ship crash-lands near Mossy Bottom Farm and sparks a UFO frenzy. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Cuddle Weather","tags":" Rod Cabatana Marmol Sue Ramirez, RK Bagatsing, Mark Anthony Fernandez, Aleck Bovick, Dexter Doria, Nino Muhlach, Lui Manansala, Dolly De Leon When a seasoned sex worker sleeps with a rookie call boy, they soon find that a strictly physical relationship doesn't completely satisfy them. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Fanatyk","tags":" Micha\u0142 Tylka Piotr Cyrwus, Miko\u0142aj Kubacki, Anna Radwan, Marian Dzi\u0119dziel, Jan Nowicki, Juliusz Chrz\u0105stowski, Ma\u0142gorzata Krzysica, Jacek Strama As a son deals with his own struggles, he must calm his father's obsession with fishing before his outlandish behavior ruins the entire family. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Isi & Ossi","tags":" Oliver Kienle Lisa Vicari, Dennis Mojen, Walid Al-Atiyat, Christina Hecke, Zo\u00eb Straub, Lisa Hagmeister, Hans-Jochen Wagner, Andr\u00e9 Eisermann, Ernst St\u00f6tzner A billionaire's daughter fakes a relationship with a cash-strapped boxer in order to coerce her parents into letting her pursue her culinary dreams. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Liefling","tags":" Brian Webber Lika Berning, Bobby van Jaarsveld, Marlee van der Merwe, Sonja Herholdt, Elize Cawood, Rouel Beukes, Kevin Leo, Paul du Toit, Sylvaine Strike An adventure-loving young woman catches the attention of a handsome beau in this musical celebration of love, friends and fate. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Panipat - The Great Betrayal","tags":" Ashutosh Gowariker Sanjay Dutt, Arjun Kapoor, Kriti Sanon, Zeenat Aman, Mohnish Bahl, Padmini Kolhapure, Kunal Kapoor, Suhasini Mulay In 18th-century India, a Maratha commander leads his army in preparation for a fierce battle against Afghan invaders in this film based on real events. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Taj Mahal 1989","tags":"  Neeraj Kabi, Geetanjali Kulkarni, Danish Husain, Sheeba Chaddha, Paras Priyadarshan, Anshul Chauhan, Anud Singh Dhaka, Shirin Sewani, Mihir Ahuja, Vasundhara Rajput In and around Lucknow University in 1989, couples of varying ages explore the politics of love through marriage, budding romances and friendships. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"The Ghost and the Tout","tags":" Charles Uwagbai Toyin Abraham, Sambasa Nzeribe, Chioma Chukwuka Akpotha, Chioma Omeruah, Chiwetalu Agu, Dele Odule, Femi Adebayo, Bayray McNwizu, Biodun Stephen Boisterous hustler Isla, whose life consists of brawling and drinking, acquires the ability to see ghosts, including the recently deceased Mike. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Dragon Quest Your Story","tags":" Takashi Yamazaki, Ryuichi Yagi, Makoto Hanafusa Takeru Sato, Kasumi Arimura, Haru, Kentaro Sakaguchi, Takayuki Yamada, Kendo Kobayashi, Ken Yasuda, Arata Furuta, Suzuki Matsuo, Koichi Yamadera, Arata Iura, Chikako Kaku, Kotaro Yoshida Luca follows in his father's footsteps to rescue his mother from evil Ladja. Finding the heavenly hero who wields the Zenithian sword is his only hope. action,anime,familyaction,anime,family"},{"title":"Love Is Blind","tags":"  Nick Lachey, Vanessa Lachey Nick and Vanessa Lachey host this social experiment where single men and women look for love and get engaged, all before meeting in person. show,romanceshow,romance"},{"title":"Narcos: Mexico","tags":"  Michael Pe\u00f1a, Diego Luna, Tenoch Huerta, Joaquin Cosio, Jos\u00e9 Mar\u00eda Yazpik, Matt Letscher, Alyssa Diaz Witness the birth of the Mexican drug war in the 1980s as a gritty new \"Narcos\" saga chronicles the true story of the Guadalajara cartel's ascent. action,action,dramaaction,action,drama"},{"title":"Sleepless Society: Insomnia","tags":" Pantham Thongsang, Cheewatan Pusitsuksa Chutimon Chuengcharoensukying, Sutthirak Subvijitra, Nutthasit Kotimanuswanich, Sita Maharavidejakorn, Sutthatip Wutichaipradit, Warisara Yu, Chokchai Charoensuk, Supoj Pongpancharoen, Nikorn Sae Tang, Gandhi Wasuwitchayagit, Petchpatchara Kitkrairaj, Duangjai Hirunsri, Nilacha Fuangfukiet, Teeranai Na Nongk\u0e49hai, Sumontha Suanpolrat, Wimolphan Chaleejunghan, Damkerng Thitapiyasak, Natthawara Hongsuwan, Nunthapak Chalermpuwadej, Tachatorn Supanan Haunted by recurring visions, a young woman with insomnia visits an old home to solve a mystery and put her nightmares to an end. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"French Toast","tags":" Paul Kr\u00fcger, An\u00e9l Stolp Lika Berning, Thierry Ballarin, Deon Lotz, Hel\u00e9ne Lombard, Paul du Toit, Roberta Fox, Trudi Conradie, Rod Alexander, Lochner De Kock, Tony Caprari With only her mother's diary and a locket as clues, a South African woman travels to Paris in search of the long-lost sibling she never knew she had. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"To All the Boys: P.S. I Still Love You","tags":" Michael Fimognari Lana Condor, Noah Centineo, Jordan Fisher, Anna Cathcart, Janel Parrish, Ross Butler, Madaleine Arthur, Emilija Baranac, Trezzo Mahoro, Holland Taylor, Sarayu Blue, John Corbett Lara Jean is officially Peter\u2019s girlfriend, so everything should be perfect, right? But feelings grow complicated when an old crush reenters her life. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"We Bare Bears","tags":"  Eric Edelstein, Demetri Martin, Bobby Moynihan Grizzly, Panda and Ice Bear are three adopted bear brothers struggling against their animal instincts to fit into the civilized, modern human world. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Captain Underpants Epic Choice-o-Rama","tags":"  Nat Faxon, Jay Gragnani, Ramone Hamilton, Sean Astin, Dayci Brookshire, Jorge Diaz, Todd Grimes, Peter Hastings, Evan Kishiyama, David Koechner, Phil LaMarr, Erica Luttrell, Patty Mattson, Brennan Murray, Nolan North In this interactive special, Harold and George need your decision-making skills to stop Krupp from blowing their beloved treehouse to smithereens. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Good Time","tags":" Benny Safdie, Josh Safdie Robert Pattinson, Benny Safdie, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Barkhad Abdi, Buddy Duress, Peter Verby, Taliah Webster, Necro After spearheading an ill-fated bank robbery, a man must get his mentally challenged younger brother out of jail while eluding his own capture. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"ROAD TO ROMA","tags":" Andres Clariond  Director Alfonso Cuar\u00f3n reflects on the childhood memories, period details and creative choices that shaped his Academy Award-winning film \"ROMA.\" documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Love for Sale 2","tags":" Andibachtiar Yusuf Della Dartyan, Adipati Dolken, Ratna Riantiarno, Ariyo Wahab, Bastian Steel, Gading Marten, Putri Ayudya, Taskya Namya, Egi Fedly, Yayu Unru, Abdurrahman Arif Exhausted with his mother\u2019s failed attempts at setting him up with women, Ican hires an ideal partner from a matchmaking app. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Better Call Saul","tags":"  Bob Odenkirk, Jonathan Banks, Michael McKean, Rhea Seehorn, Patrick Fabian, Michael Mando, Giancarlo Esposito This Emmy-nominated prequel to \"Breaking Bad\" follows small-time attorney Jimmy McGill as he transforms into morally challenged lawyer Saul Goodman. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Fronteras","tags":" Andrew Dean Steve Oropeza, Steven Sean Garland, Wade Everett, Randy Green, Cortez Chappell, Tori Osborn, Larry Coulter, Cris Acosta When a new, deadly narcotic sweeps the American Southwest, a Border Patrol agent must contend with a task force that challenges his duties and morals. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Polaroid","tags":" Lars Klevberg Kathryn Prescott, Mitch Pileggi, Grace Zabriskie, Tyler Young, Samantha Logan, Javier Botet, Katie Stevens, Madelaine Petsch, Priscilla Quintana, Davi Santos, Keenan Tracey A teen's discovery of a vintage Polaroid camera develops into a darker tale when she finds that whoever takes their photo with it dies soon afterward. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Coldest Game","tags":" Lukasz Kosmicki Bill Pullman, Lotte Verbeek, Robert Wi\u0119ckiewicz, James Bloor, Aleksey Serebryakov, Corey Johnson, Nicholas Farrell, Evgeniy Sidikhin During 1962\u2019s Cuban missile crisis, a troubled math genius finds himself drafted to play in a U.S.-Soviet chess match \u2013 and a deadly game of espionage. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Thottappan","tags":" Shanavas K. Bavakutty Priyamvada Krishnan, Vinayakan, Roshan Mathew, Dileesh Pothan, Manoj K. Jayan, Lal, Irshad Ali, Sunitha When his partner in crime goes missing, a small-time crook\u2019s life is transformed as he dedicates himself to raising the daughter his friend left behind. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Azali","tags":" Kwabena Gyansah Ama K. Abebrese, Asana Alhassan, Adjetey Anang, Akofa Edjeani Asiedu, Emmanuel Nii Adom Quaye, Peter Ritchie Sent away to evade an arranged marriage, a 14-year-old begins a harrowing journey of sex work and poverty in the slums of Accra. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Dragons: Rescue Riders","tags":"  Nicolas Cantu, Brennley Brown, Zach Callison, Skai Jackson, Noah Kaye Bentley, Andre Robinson, Marsai Martin Twins Dak and Leyla and their dragon friends devote their lives to rescuing others, defending their home of Huttsgalor and having fun along the way. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Fifty: The Series","tags":"  Ireti Doyle, Keira Hewatch, Dakore Akande, Omoni Oboli, Uzor Osimkpa, Wale Ojo, Timini Egbuson, Chris Attoh, Kachi Nnochiri Juggling careers and families, four ambitious women faced with unique crises weigh the consequences of their choices as they approach turning 50. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Horse Girl","tags":" Jeff Baena Alison Brie, Debby Ryan, Paul Reiser, John Reynolds, Molly Shannon, John Ortiz, Meredith Hagner, Jake Picking, David Paymer, Jay Duplass A sweet misfit with a fondness for crafts, horses and supernatural crime shows finds her increasingly lucid dreams trickling into her waking life. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Jada","tags":" Kumaran Kathir, Kishore Kumar G., Roshini, Yogi Babu, Kishore Wishing to settle an old score, a promising soccer player defies his coach\u2019s wishes and leads his team to participate in a violent form of the sport. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Locke & Key","tags":"  Darby Stanchfield, Connor Jessup, Emilia Jones, Jackson Robert Scott, Petrice Jones, Laysla De Oliveira, Griffin Gluck, Sherri Saum, Aaron Ashmore, Bill Heck, Genevieve Kang, Kevin Alves, Thomas Mitchell Barnet, Eric Graise, Felix Mallard, Martin Roach, Steven Williams, Coby Bird After their dad's murder, three siblings move with their mom to his ancestral estate, where they discover magical keys that unlock powers \u2014 and secrets. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Ballad of Lefty Brown","tags":" Jared Mosh\u00e9 Bill Pullman, Kathy Baker, Jim Caviezel, Joseph Anderson, Diego Josef, Tommy Flanagan, Peter Fonda After his longtime partner is assassinated, a slow-footed cowboy sets out to find his killer and uncovers a conspiracy engineered by some powerful men. dramadrama"},{"title":"Who Killed Malcolm X?","tags":"   Decades after the assassination of African American leader Malcolm X, an activist embarks on a complex mission seeking truth in the name of justice. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Cagaster of an Insect Cage","tags":"  Yoshimasa Hosoya, Kana Hanazawa, Natsuki Hanae, Takahiro Sakurai, Daisuke Namikawa, Toshiyuki Morikawa, Kazuyuki Okitsu, Junichi Suwabe, Tomohiro Shiozaki, Ai Kayano, Tetsu Shiratori, Yasuhiro Mamiya, Daiki Yamashita, Akari Kito, Tomokazu Sugita, Aoi Yuki, Kohsuke Toriumi Thirty years after a disease that turns the infected into carnivorous insects emerged, a young exterminator and a teenage girl search for her mother. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Gardeners of Eden","tags":" Austin Peck, Anneliese Vandenberg Kristin Davis, Daphne Sheldrick, Nick Trent, Julious Shivenga, Benjamin Kyalo As corrupt governments fail to stop the slaughter of elephants for ivory, an 80-year-old woman and a crew of rangers bravely try to end the poaching. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Arrow","tags":" James Bamford Stephen Amell, Katie Cassidy, David Ramsey, Willa Holland, Paul Blackthorne, Emily Bett Rickards, John Barrowman, Colton Haynes, Susanna Thompson, Anna Hopkins, Juliana Harkavy, Adrian Holmes, Kathleen Gati, Echo Kellum, Rick Gonzalez, Dominic Bogart, Manu Bennett Based on DC Comics' Green Arrow, an affluent playboy becomes a vengeful superhero, saving the city from villains armed with just a bow and arrows. action,actionaction,action"},{"title":"The Pharmacist","tags":" Julia Willoughby Nason, Jenner Furst  After his son's tragic death, a Louisiana pharmacist goes to extremes to expose the rampant corruption behind the opioid addiction crisis. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Uppity: The Willy T. Ribbs Story","tags":" Nate Adams, Adam Carolla Willy T. Ribbs This documentary profiles a defiant driver who challenged racial barriers in American auto racing, becoming the first black man to race in the Indy 500. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Dragonheart: Vengeance","tags":" Ivan Silvestrini Joseph Millson, Jack Kane, Helena Bonham Carter, Arturo Muselli, Carolina Carlsson, Tam Williams, Richard Ashton, Ross O'Hennessy, Cameron Jack, Fabienne Piolini-Castle When his family is slain by vicious savages, a young farmer teams with an ice-breathing dragon and sword-wielding mercenary to avenge their deaths. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Faith, Hope & Love","tags":" Robert Krantz Robert Krantz, Peta Murgatroyd, Corbin Bernsen, Michael Richards, Nancy Stafford After shattering losses, a recent divorc\u00e9e and a heartbroken widower restore their lives when they partner for a dance competition to save her studio. comedy,religion,romancecomedy,religion,romance"},{"title":"Tom Papa: You're Doing Great!","tags":" Gregory Jacobs Tom Papa Comedian Tom Papa takes on body image issues, social media, pets, Staten Island, the \"old days\" and more in a special from his home state of New Jersey. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Team Kaylie","tags":"  Bryana Salaz, Alison Fernandez, Symera Jackson, Elie Samouhi, Kai Calhoun, Eliza Pryor, Rosa Blasi, Nicole Sullivan, David Gridley After a brush with the law, teen celebrity Kaylie Konrad swaps social stardom for court-ordered chaos as a middle school wilderness club leader. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Thambi","tags":" Jeethu Joseph Jyothika, Sathyaraj, Karthi, Showkar Janaki, Nikhila Vimal, Havarasu, Anson Paul As a tip leads a local politician to his long-estranged son, his daughter has doubts about whether the young man is truly family or just an impostor. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"The Silent War","tags":" Alfonso Cort\u00e9s-Cavanillas Asier Etxeandia, Marian \u00c1lvarez, Hugo Silva, Aitor Luna, Imanol Arias, Olimpia Melinte, Ruth D\u00edaz, Jorge Basanta, Stephanie Gil, Roberto Bonacini Alluding to \"For Whom the Bell Tolls,\" this drama follows a fugitive guerrilla, deaf after an explosion, as he tries to survive in 1944 northern Spain. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Chronically Metropolitan","tags":" Xavier Manrique Shiloh Fernandez, Ashley Benson, Josh Peck, Addison Timlin, Chris Noth, Mary-Louise Parker A case of writer\u2019s block inspires a young novelist to return home to New York City and reconnect with his engaged ex and his bohemian parents. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Hum Aapke Hain Koun","tags":" Sooraj R. Barjatya Madhuri Dixit, Salman Khan, Mohnish Bahl, Renuka Shahane, Anupam Kher, Reema Lagoo, Alok Nath, Bindu Although Nisha falls for Prem, she agrees to marry his older brother for the good of their families. But fate may have other plans for the lovebirds. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?","tags":"  Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Inori Minase, Saori Onishi, Maaya Uchida, Haruka Tomatsu, Shizuka Ishigami, Yoko Hikasa, Yurika Kubo, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Saori Hayami, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Chinatsu Akasaki, Akeno Watanabe, Haruka Chisuga, Wakana Kowaka, Ayumi Mano, Kenn, Ryota Osaka Lovable goof Bell Cranel wants an adventure, and when he meets the diminutive goddess Hestia, he gets much more than he bargained for. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Itaewon Class","tags":"  Park Seo-joon, Kim Da-mi, Yu Jae-myeong, Kwon Na-ra, Kim Dong-hee, Ahn Bo-hyun, Kim Hye-eun, Ryu Gyeong-su, Lee Joo-young, Chris Lyon In a colorful Seoul neighborhood, an ex-con and his friends fight a mighty foe to make their ambitious dreams for their street bar a reality. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Love Jacked","tags":" Alfons Adetuyi Amber Stevens West, Shamier Anderson, Keith David, Mike Epps, Lyriq Bent, Marla Gibbs, Angela Gibbs, Demetrius Grosse, Nicole Lyn To assert her independence from her rigid father\u2019s expectations, a headstrong woman hires a desperate Los Angeles man to pose as her fianc\u00e9 in Africa. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir","tags":" Thomas Astruc Cristina Vee, Bryce Papenbrook, Keith Silverstein, Mela Lee, Max Mittelman, Carrie Keranen, Stephanie Sheh, Andr\u00e9 Gordon, Matthew Mercer, Christopher Corey Smith, Philece Sampler, Selah Victor, Marieve Herington, Ben Diskin, Kira Buckland, Erin Fitzgerald, Grant George, Ethan Murray, David Roach, Todd Haberkorn When Paris is in peril, Marinette becomes Ladybug. Little does she know, her school crush Adrien is actually Cat Noir, another city-saving superhero. family,actionfamily,action"},{"title":"Misfit 2","tags":" Erwin van den Eshof Djamila, Niek Roozen, Bente Fokkens, Jolijn Henneman, Fenna Ramos, Jill Schirnhofer, Donny Roelvink, D\u00e9fano Holwijn When her boyfriend abruptly transfers schools, a gifted musician must pair up with an archrival to battle him in a student music competition. family,comedy,foreginfamily,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"No Game No Life","tags":"  Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Ai Kayano, Yoko Hikasa, Yukari Tamura, Yuka Iguchi, Mamiko Noto, Miyuki Sawashiro, Rie Kugimiya, Mugihito, Naomi Shindo Legendary gamer siblings Sora and Shiro are transported to a world where life is a series of games and humanity is in grave danger of extinction. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Pop Team Epic","tags":"   This animated adaptation of the quirky four-panel comic brings the random exploits of Popuko and Pipimi to life. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Shopkins","tags":"  Kate Murphy Tiny grocery store items come to life as the Shopkins, who have fun adventures with each other at Small Mart and the magical town called Shopville. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Car: Road to Revenge","tags":" G.J. Echternkamp Grant Bowler, Kathleen Munroe, Martin Hancock, Micah Balfour, Burt Grinstead, Nina Bergman, Jamie Bamber, Ronny Cox Trying to uphold justice in a lawless future, a D.A. is slain by cyberpunks but a supernatural twist sends his car on a bloody quest for revenge. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Together For Eternity","tags":" Sooraj R. Barjatya Salman Khan, Karisma Kapoor, Saif Ali Khan, Tabu, Sonali Bendre, Mohnish Bahl, Reema Lagoo, Mahesh Thakur, Neelam, Alok Nath A scheming matriarch plots to cut off her disabled stepson and his wife from the family fortune, creating a division within the clan. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"37 Seconds","tags":" Hikari Mei Kayama, Misuzu Kanno, Shunsuke Daitoh, Makiko Watanabe, Yoshihiko Kumashino, Minori Hagiwara, Shohei Uno, Yuka Itaya, Kiyohiko Shibukawa, Eita Okuno, Haruka Imou, Toshinori Omi Trapped by society and familial obligations, a young manga artist goes on an unconventional journey for sexual freedom and personal liberation. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Diablero","tags":"  Christopher Von Uckermann, Horacio Garc\u00eda Rojas, Gisselle Kuri, F\u00e1tima Molina, Dolores Heredia, Humberto Busto, Quetzalli Cort\u00e9s, Alexa Martin, Flavio Medina, Dulce Neri, Mariana Botas When a young girl goes missing in a big city, a desperate priest joins a demon hunter and his motley crew on an otherworldly mission to find her. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"Gang of the Caribbean","tags":" Jean-Claude Flamand-Barny Dj\u00e9dj\u00e9 Apali, Eriq Ebouaney, Adama Niane, Vincent Vermignon, Djibril Pavad\u00e9, Zita Hanrot, Karim Belkhadra, Lise Lomi, Zo\u00e9 Charron, Jocelyne B\u00e9roard, Julien Courbey, Lucien Jean-Baptiste, Romane Bohringer, Mathieu Kassovitz Disillusioned by life in 1970s France, a West Indian expatriate named Jimmy joins a gang of idealistic robbers, but betrayal and violence soon follow. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Hakkunde","tags":" Oluseyi Asurf Frank Donga, Rahama Sadau, Ali Nuhu, Toyin Aimakhu, Tunbosun Aiyedehin, Maryam Booth, Ahaji Issa Bello, Adebukola, Bukky Ajayi, Ibrahim Daddy, Seyilaw, Tomiwa Kukoyi A perpetually unemployed graduate desperately leaves his city for a potential opportunity until a roadblock threatens to derail his chance at a career. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Luna Nera","tags":"  Antonia Fotaras, Giorgio Belli, Manuela Mandracchia, Roberto De Francesco, Federica Fracassi, Lucrezia Guidone, Adalgisa Manfrida, Giada Gagliardi, Giandomenico Cupaiuolo, Gloria Carovana, Filippo Scotti In 17th-century Italy, a teenager learns about her destiny among a family of witches, just as her boyfriend's father hunts her down for witchcraft. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Miss Americana","tags":" Lana Wilson Taylor Swift In this revealing documentary, Taylor Swift embraces her role as a songwriter and performer \u2014 and as a woman harnessing the full power of her voice. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Unauthorized Living","tags":"  Jos\u00e9 Coronado, \u00c1lex Gonz\u00e1lez, Claudia Traisac, Lu\u00eds Zahera, Pilar Castro, \u00c0lex Monner, Giulia Charm, Unax Ugalde, Ricardo G\u00f3mez, Ledicia Sola, Leonor Watling, Patrick Criado, Xabier Deive, Camila Bossa, Mar\u00eda Guinea, \u00c9dgar Vittorino, Javier Abad, Daniel Curr\u00e1s, Mercedes Castro, Paula Morado, Paula Pier, Carmela Martins, Denis G\u00f3mez, Miguel Borines, Ana Villagrasa, Xavier Est\u00e9vez, Carlos Hip\u00f3lito When a Galician shipper and drug lord hiding his Alzheimer's disease plans to retire, his second-in-command plots to steal the empire from the heir. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Ainori Love Wagon: African Journey","tags":"  Becky, Ryo Kato, Karina Maruyama, Kohei Takeda To find love, seven strangers leave Japan and embark on a journey through the continent of Africa together. Challenges, adventure and romance await! foregin,show,romanceforegin,show,romance"},{"title":"Kevin Hart: I'm a Grown Little Man","tags":" Shannon Hartman Kevin Hart Stand-up comedy star Kevin Hart delivers his unique perspective on work, race, family and friends with this laugh-riot comedy show. comedycomedy"},{"title":"THE STRANGER","tags":"  Richard Armitage, Siobhan Finneran, Jennifer Saunders, Shaun Dooley, Paul Kaye, Dervla Kirwan, Kadiff Kirwan, Hannah John-Kamen, Anthony Head, Stephen Rea, Jacob Dudman, Ella-Rae Smith, Brandon Fellows, Misha Handley When a stranger makes a shocking claim about his wife, family man Adam Price becomes entangled in a mystery as he desperately searches for answers. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"What the Love! with Karan Johar","tags":"  Karan Johar With help from celebrity guests and a glam squad, filmmaker Karan Johar mentors six singletons through their personal struggles as they look for love. foregin,show,romanceforegin,show,romance"},{"title":"Close Enemies","tags":" David Oelhoffen Matthias Schoenaerts, Reda Kateb, Adel Bencherif, Sofiane Zermani, Sabrina Ouazani, Gwendolyn Gourvenec, Nicolas Giraud, Yann Goven, Astrid Whettnall, Ahmed Benaissa, Marc Barb\u00e9 After an ambush leaves his partner dead, drug dealer Manuel reluctantly teams up with childhood friend Driss \u2013 now a cop \u2013 to hunt down the culprits. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Night on Earth","tags":"  Samira Wiley This nature series\u2019 new technology lifts night\u2019s veil to reveal the hidden lives of the world\u2019s creatures, from lions on the hunt to bats on the wing. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Omniscient","tags":"  Carla Salle, Sandra Corveloni, Jonathan Haagensen, Guilherme Prates, Luana Tanaka, Marcello Airoldi, Marco Ant\u00f4nio P\u00e2mio In a city where citizens are monitored 24\/7, a tech employee must outsmart her surveillance drone in order to investigate a murder. foregin,drama,fantasyforegin,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Shimla Mirchi","tags":" Ramesh Sippy Rajkummar Rao, Tarun Wadhwa, Rakul Preet Singh, Kiran Juneja, Hema Malini, Kamlesh Gill, Shakti Kapoor, Kanwaljeet Singh A young man who gets tongue-tied around women writes a love letter to his crush, but it ends up in the hands of her mother, who thinks it's for her. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sillu Karuppatti","tags":" Halitha Shameem Nivedhithaa Sathish, Leela Samson, Samuthirakani, Sunaina, Manikandan From first crushes to post-marriage relationships, love and connection are at the heart of the four interwoven stories in this anthology film. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Vir Das: For India","tags":" Vir Das, Ajay Bhuyan Vir Das From the Vedas to Vasco da Gama to vacuous Bollywood plotlines, comedian Vir Das celebrates the history of India with his one-of-a-kind perspective. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Menashe","tags":" Josh Z. Weinstein, Joshua Z. Weinstein Menashe Lustig, Ruben Niborski, Yoel Weisshaus, Meyer Schwartz, Yoel Falkowitz, Ariel Vaysman A year after his wife's death, a widower faces pressure from his Hasidic community to give up his son for adoption unless he finds a new partner. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"A Sun","tags":" Chung Mong-hong Wu Chien-ho, Chen Yi-wen, Samantha Ko, Liu Kuan-ting, Greg Hsu, Wu Tai-ling, Wen Chen-ling, Yin Shin A family reckons with the aftermath of their younger son's incarceration and a greater misfortune that follows. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Die Ontwaking","tags":" Johnny Breedt Gys de Villiers, Juanita de Villiers, G\u00e9rard Rudolf, Paul Eilers, Pete Spyropoulos, Jaco Muller, Armand Aucamp, Christine Tesco An inexperienced murder detective joins a desperate search for a deranged serial killer who possesses a deep obsession with young women\u2019s skin. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Sons of the Caliphate","tags":"  Yakubu Mohammed, Paul Sambo, Mofe Duncan, Nita Byack George, Yvonne Hays, Mickey Odey, Rahama Sadau, Sani Muazu Three wealthy, power-hungry men tussle for sovereignty amid corrupt politics, passionate desires and family obligations. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The goop lab with Gwyneth Paltrow","tags":"  Gwyneth Paltrow, Elise Loehnen Leading with curiosity, Gwyneth Paltrow and her goop team look at psychedelics, energy work and other challenging wellness topics. showshow"},{"title":"The Ranch","tags":"  Ashton Kutcher, Sam Elliott, Debra Winger, Elisha Cuthbert, Kelli Goss, Wilmer Valderrama, Danny Masterson Being a pro athlete didn't pan out for Colt. Now he's helping his dad and brother keep the ranch afloat, and figuring out how he fits into the family. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Airplane Mode","tags":" C\u00e9sar Rodrigues Larissa Manoela, Andr\u00e9 Luiz Frambach, Erasmo Carlos, Mariana Am\u00e2ncio, Amanda Orestes, Eike Duarte, Nayobe Nzainab, Katiuscia Canoro, Phellyx Moura, Dani Ornellas, Michel Bercovitch, S\u00edlvia Louren\u00e7o When Ana, an influencer, crashes her car while talking on the phone, she\u2019s shipped to her grumpy grandfather's farm \u2013 and forced into a digital detox. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Alex Fern\u00e1ndez: The Best Comedian in the World","tags":" Alex D\u00edaz Alex Fern\u00e1ndez Comic Alex Fern\u00e1ndez performs his familiar autobiographical stories but goes a little deeper this time with a tender tale about one of his six siblings. comedycomedy"},{"title":"October Faction","tags":"  Tamara Taylor, J.C. MacKenzie, Aurora Burghart, Gabriel Darku, Maxim Roy, Stephen McHattie, Wendy Crewson, Megan Follows, Nicola Correia-Damude, Praneet Akilla, Michelle Nolden, Anwen O'Driscoll The family drama gets downright monstrous as parents Fred and Deloris hunt the supernatural, and twins Viv and Geoff harbor their own strange secrets. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"\u200bSAINT SEIYA: Knights of the Zodiac","tags":"  Bryson Baugus, Emily Neves, Blake Shepard, Patrick Poole, Luci Christian, Adam Gibbs, Masakazu Morita, Fumiko Orikasa, Takahiro Sakurai, Hiroaki Miura, Satomi Sato, Katsuyuki Konishi Seiya and the Knights of the Zodiac rise again to protect the reincarnation of the goddess Athena, but a dark prophecy hangs over them all. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"The Ghost Bride","tags":" Quek Shio-chuan Huang Peijia, Wu Kang-jen, Ludi Lin, Janet Hsieh, Kuang Tian, Susan Leong, Jordan Voon, Angeline Tan, Jojo Goh, Teresa Daley In 1890s Malacca, Li Lan finds herself in the afterlife and becomes mired in a mystery linked to the sinister, deceased son of a wealthy family. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Pandemic: How to Prevent an Outbreak","tags":"   In this docuseries, meet the heroes on the front lines of the battle against influenza and learn about their efforts to stop the next global outbreak. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Playing with Fire","tags":"  Jason Day, Margarita Rosa de Francisco, Carlos Ponce, Gaby Espino, Laura Perico, Alejandro Aguilar, Tony Plana, Marcelo Serrado, Leticia Huijara, Germ\u00e1n Quintero, Luis Alberti, Ricardo Vesga, Yuri Vargas, \u00c1lvaro Rodr\u00edguez, Juan David Restrepo Three prosperous women \u2013 including a mother and her daughter \u2013 fall for a seductive man in Colombia's Coffee Triangle. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Whisky","tags":" Pablo Stoll, Juan Pablo Rebella Andr\u00e9s Pazos, Mirella Pascual, Jorge Bolani, Jos\u00e9 Pedro Bujaruz, Ver\u00f3nica Perrotta To impress family, a factory owner pretends to be married to one of his employees, and soon, the \"couple\" finds their lives radically altered. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Fortune Feimster: Sweet & Salty","tags":" Krysia Plonka Fortune Feimster Actor, comedian and writer Fortune Feimster takes the stage and riffs on her southern roots, sexual awakenings, showbiz career and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"KD (A) Karuppudurai","tags":" Madhumita Mu Ramaswamy, Naga Vishal, Yog Japee, Ganesan Kaliamoorthy, Guna Babu As his children plot his death to claim their inheritance, an aging patriarch leaves home, befriending a spunky boy who adds direction to his life. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"DreamWorks How to Train Your Dragon Legends","tags":"  Jay Baruchel, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Gerard Butler In this set of shorts, Hiccup and the gang learn about different species of dragons. Then, Gobber goes in search of the Boneknapper Dragon. family,action,fantasyfamily,action,fantasy"},{"title":"Motichoor Chaknachoor","tags":" Debamitra Biswal Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Athiya Shetty, Sanjeev Vats, Vibha Chhibber, Vivek Mishra, Navni Parihar, Karuna Pandey, Abhishek Rawat Pushing 40 and unemployed, a Dubai returnee desperate for a wife catches the eye of a Bhopal belle, who sees him solely as her ticket out of India. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"WHAT DID JACK DO?","tags":" David Lynch David Lynch A detective interrogates a monkey who is suspected of murder. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Bling Ring","tags":" Sofia Coppola Emma Watson, Leslie Mann, Carlos Miranda, Israel Broussard, Taissa Farmiga, Katie Chang, Georgia Rock, Claire Julien Based on fact, this comic thriller tracks the saga of the Hollywood Hills Burglar Bunch, who used the Web to time their robberies of stars' homes. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"A Fall from Grace","tags":" Tyler Perry Crystal Fox, Phylicia Rashad, Cicely Tyson, Bresha Webb, Mehcad Brooks, Adrian Pasdar, Tyler Perry When gentle, law-abiding Grace confesses to killing her new husband, her skeptical young lawyer sets out to uncover the truth. A film by Tyler Perry. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Ares","tags":"  Jade Olieberg, Tobias Kersloot, Lisa Smit, Frieda Barnhard, Hans Kesting, Rifka Lodeizen, Robin Boissevain, Jennifer Welts, Steef de Bot, Jip van den Dool, Janni Goslinga, Dennis Rudge, Ian Bok, Roos Dickmann, Minne Koole, Alexander Brouwer Aiming to become part of Amsterdam's elite, an ambitious college student joins an exclusive society, unaware it's hiding a horrifying secret. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Hip-Hop Evolution","tags":"  Shad Kabango Interviews with influential MCs, DJs and moguls trace the genre's dynamic evolution from the 1970s through the 1990s in this documentary series. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Nailed It! Germany","tags":"  Angelina Kirsch, Bernd Siefert Home cooks try \u2013 and inevitably fail \u2013 to re-create spectacular confections on this comical competition show, all for a sweet 5,000 euros. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Tiny House Nation","tags":"   Traveling the U.S., host John Weisbarth and expert Zack Giffin are helping families prep for the tiny lifestyle and create hypercustomized mini homes. showshow"},{"title":"Deadcon","tags":" Caryn Waechter Lauren Elizabeth, Claudia Sulewski, Keith Machekanyanga, Mimi Gianopulos, Lukas Gage, Carl Gilliard, Caeli, Mark Dohner, Jessie Paege, Richard Kohnke, Dominic Burgess, Judah Mackey A group of uber-popular, social media influencers\u2019 trip to a digital media festival grows dark when an evil spirit wants to lure them to their demise. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Handsome Siblings","tags":"  Hu Yitian, Chen Zheyuan, Liang Jie, Vicky Liang, Tay Ping Hui, Nikita Mao, Gallen Lo, Song Wenzuo, Jin Song, Jason Zheng Clashing martial arts twins face relentless villains, thorny romance and brotherly rivalry as their troubled pasts catch up to them. foregin,drama,fantasyforegin,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Hop","tags":" Tim Hill James Marsden, Russell Brand, Kaley Cuoco, Hank Azaria, Gary Cole, Elizabeth Perkins, Hugh Laurie, Tiffany Espensen, David Hasselhoff, Chelsea Handler A jobless slacker finds himself beyond busy after he runs over the Easter Bunny and has to take over the rabbit's duties so the holiday can continue. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Jezebel","tags":" Numa Perrier Tiffany Tenille, Numa Perrier, Stephen Barrington, Bobby Field, Rockwelle Dortch, Zoe Tyson, Dennis Jaffee, Jessa Zarubica, RiRia, Charlie Taylor, Amy Aitken, Brett Gelman During the internet's infancy, a vulnerable woman follows her sister into the sex industry as a webcam model but her sudden popularity tests their bond. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Legend","tags":" Brian Helgeland Tom Hardy, Emily Browning, David Thewlis, Duffy, Christopher Eccleston, Chazz Palminteri, Paul Bettany, Taron Egerton, Colin Morgan, Tara Fitzgerald Identical twins and notorious gangsters Reggie and Ronnie Kray elude the authorities in 1960s London while transfixing and terrifying the public. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"NiNoKuni","tags":" Yoshiyuki Momose Kento Yamazaki, Mackenyu, Mei Nagano, Mamoru Miyano, Maaya Sakamoto, Yuki Kaji, Kenjiro Tsuda, Koichi Yamadera, Masatoh Ibu, Tsuyoshi Muro Two average teens go on a magical quest to save the life of their friend and her counterpart from another world. But love complicates their journey. action,anime,familyaction,anime,family"},{"title":"Soul Eater","tags":"  Chiaki Omigawa, Laura Bailey, Emiri Kato, Kouki Uchiyama, Micah Solusod, Yumiko Kobayashi, Brittney Karbowski, Mamoru Miyano, Todd Haberkorn, Kaori Nazuka, Monica Rial, Akeno Watanabe, Jamie Marchi, Narumi Takahira, Cherami Leigh, Houko Kuwashima Maka and the other students at the Death Weapon Meister Academy must kill 99 evil humans and one witch, absorbing their spirits when they die. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Steve Jobs","tags":" Danny Boyle Michael Fassbender, Kate Winslet, Seth Rogen, Jeff Daniels, Michael Stuhlbarg, Katherine Waterston, Perla Haney-Jardine, Sarah Snook, John Ortiz, Adam Shapiro By keying in on three crucial points in his career, this biopic shows the human foibles and visionary fearlessness of the man who made the Mac. dramadrama"},{"title":"Bulbul Can Sing","tags":" Rima Das Arnali Das, Manoranjan Das, Banita Thakuriya, Manabendra Das, Deepjyoti Kalita, Pakija Begum Exploring their sexual identities in the face of the patriarchal rules of their Assamese village, a teenager and her two friends are rocked by tragedy. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Eye For An Eye","tags":" Paco Plaza Luis Tosar, Xan Cejudo, Ismael Mart\u00ednez, Enric Auquer, Mar\u00eda V\u00e1zquez, Daniel Curr\u00e1s, Rebeca Montero, Luisa Mayol, Jessica Serna, Tamara Canosa A cartel boss is released from prison and unknowingly put in the care of a vengeful nurse, whose life was tragically impacted by the drug lord. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Killer Inside: The Mind of Aaron Hernandez","tags":"  Aaron Hernandez Via interviews with friends, players and insiders, this docuseries examines how Aaron Hernandez went from an NFL star to a convicted killer. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"MindGamers","tags":" Andrew Goth Tom Payne, Melia Kreiling, Antonia Campbell-Hughes, Sam Neill, Turlough Convery, Oliver Stark, Dominique Tipper, Ryan Doyle, Simon Paisley-day, Pedja Bjelac Brilliant young students discover a breakthrough that could change humankind, but soon find themselves the subjects of a much bigger experiment. foregin,fantasy,suspenseforegin,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"The Brave","tags":" William Kaufman Armand Assante, Louis Mandylor, Yuriy Kutsenko, Ravshana Kurkova, Igor Jijikine, Ivan Makarevich, Bessart Kallaku, Ervin Bejleri With entry into the European Union at stake, Albania must rely on a mash-up of elite cops to take down a slippery drug lord dominating its economy. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Leslie Jones: Time Machine","tags":" David Benioff, D.B. Weiss Leslie Jones From trying to seduce Prince to battling sleep apnea, Leslie Jones traces her evolution as an adult in a joyfully raw and outrageous stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Ollie & Moon Show","tags":"  Mattea Conforti, Kobi Frumer Two quirky cats, Ollie and Moon, and their friend Stanley the snail travel the world, solving everyday problems and learning about different cultures. familyfamily"},{"title":"Women of Mafia 2","tags":" Patryk Vega Angie Cepeda, Agnieszka Dygant, Aleksandra Grabowska, Aleksandra Pop\u0142awska, Katarzyna Warnke, Piotr Adamczyk, Enrique Arce, Amin Bensalem, Wojciech Bocianowski, Janusz Chabior When a major drug deal goes sour, the queen of the Warsaw underworld must contend with a rival criminal, a crossed ally and a religious fighter. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Betty White: First Lady of Television","tags":" Steve Boettcher Betty White, Valerie Bertinelli, Georgia Engel, Tina Fey, Valerie Harper, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Carl Reiner, Ryan Reynolds, Alex Trebek This documentary on actress and television producer Betty White traces her decades-long career as a  woman breaking new ground in entertainment. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Made in China","tags":" Mikhil Musale Rajkummar Rao, Boman Irani, Mouni Roy, Sumeet Vyas, Paresh Rawal, Gajraj Rao, Manoj Joshi, Sanjay Goradia, Amyra Dastur, Chittaranjan Tripathi, Abhishek Banerjee After a trip to China, a struggling entrepreneur returns to India as the supplier of an illegal aphrodisiac \u2014 but all he ends up stimulating is chaos. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"AJ and the Queen","tags":"  RuPaul Charles, Izzy G., Michael-Leon Wooley, Josh Segarra, Katerina Tannenbaum, Tia Carrere While traveling across the country in a run-down RV, drag queen Ruby Red discovers an unlikely sidekick in AJ: a tough-talking 10-year-old stowaway. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Giri \/ Haji","tags":"  Takehiro Hira, Kelly Macdonald, Yosuke Kubozuka, Will Sharpe, Aoi Okuyama, Masahiro Motoki, Yuko Nakamura, Mitsuko Oka, Anna Sawai, Charlie Creed-Miles Family duty sends a lawman to London to look for his mob-assassin brother as a yakuza war threatens to engulf Tokyo. Trust is even tougher to find. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Harvey Street Kids","tags":"  Lauren Lapkus, Stephanie Lemelin, Kelly McCreary, Atticus Shaffer, Danny Pudi, Grey Griffin, Utkarsh Ambudkar, Roger Craig Smith Kids rule in a place called Harvey Street, where a trio of girls right wrongs, ice cream is always an option, and every day feels like Saturday. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Jamtara - Sabka Number Ayega","tags":" Soumendra Padhi Amit Sial, Dibyendu Bhattacharya, Aksha Pardhasany, Sparsh Shrivastava, Monika Panwar, Anshumaan Pushkar A group of small-town young men run a lucrative phishing operation, until a corrupt politician wants in on their scheme \u2013 and a cop wants to fight it. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Medical Police","tags":"  Erinn Hayes, Rob Huebel, Malin Akerman, Rob Corddry, Lake Bell, Sarayu Blue, Ken Marino, Fred Melamed, Tom Wright, Jason Schwartzman, Eric Nenninger, Megan Le, Beth Dover, Zandy Hartig, Brian Huskey, Michael Cera Doctors Owen Maestro and Lola Spratt leave Childrens Hospital and join a secret arm of the CDC to investigate and destroy a deadly global virus. action,action,comedyaction,action,comedy"},{"title":"Monsters: Dark Continent","tags":" Tom Green Johnny Harris, Sam Keeley, Joe Dempsie, Kyle Soller, Nicholas Pinnock, Parker Sawyers, Philip Arditti, Sofia Boutella An American platoon stationed in the Middle East is thrust into battle with a breed of tentacled aliens whose rapid spread threatens human survival. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The InBESTigators","tags":"  Abby Bergman, Anna Cooke, Aston Droomer, Jamil Smyth-Secka, James Saunders, Maria Angelico, Eliza Ong Four clever school kids start their own detective agency and vlog about their adventures, becoming fast friends in the process. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Until Dawn","tags":"  Ahmed Sylla, Alban Ivanov, Ornella Fleury, Natoo, Carlito, Mcfly, Djimo, Lola Dubini, Noom Diawara, Tania Dutel, Hakim Jemili, Jason Brokerss, B\u00e9reng\u00e8re Krief, Thomas Vandenberghe, Monsieur Poulpe, Jhon Rachid, Audrey Pirault, Jeanfi Janssens, Fadily Camara, Laurie Peret, Issa Doumbia, Anne-Sophie Girard, Elhadj Gaye, Guillaume Bats France\u2019s funniest comics carry out ghastly tasks as they try to outlast \u2013 and outwit \u2013 one another while overnighting in haunted locations. foregin,show,comedyforegin,show,comedy"},{"title":"Bulletproof 2","tags":" Don Michael Paul Faizon Love, Kirk Fox, Tony Todd, Pearl Thusi, Cassie Clare, Fiona Ramsey, Neels Clasen, Roxy Nel A special agent abruptly reunites with a criminal \u2013 once a former friend \u2013 when he attempts to use his identity to infiltrate and take down a cartel. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Cheer","tags":"   This gripping docuseries follows the ups and downs of Navarro College's competitive cheer squad as they work to win a coveted national title. documental,show,showdocumental,show,show"},{"title":"A Ghost Story","tags":" David Lowery Casey Affleck, Rooney Mara, Liz Franke, Rob Zabrecky, Will Oldham, Sonia Acevedo Following a fatal car crash, a man's spirit remains stuck in the home he shared with his wife as doors into the past and future begin to open. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Live Twice, Love Once","tags":" Maria Ripoll Oscar Mart\u00ednez, Inma Cuesta, Mafalda Carbonell, Nacho L\u00f3pez, Isabel Requena, Aina Clotet, Antonio Valero, Mar\u00eda Zamora, Hugo Balaguer, Valeria Schoneveld When Emilio (Oscar Mart\u00ednez) is diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, he and his family embark on a quest to reunite him with his childhood crush. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Dracula","tags":"  Claes Bang, Dolly Wells, John Heffernan The Count Dracula legend transforms with new tales that flesh out the vampire's gory crimes \u2013 and bring his vulnerability into the light. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"All the Freckles in the World","tags":" Yibr\u00e1n Asuad H\u00e1nssel Casillas, Loreto Peralta, Andrea Sutton, Luis De La Rosa, Alejandro Flores, Anajos\u00e9 Aldrete, Daniel Haddad, Montserrat Mara\u00f1\u00f3n, Juan Carlos Viana Prieto, Hern\u00e1n Del Riego Thirteen-year-old Jos\u00e9 Miguel is immune to 1994 World Cup fever until he realizes soccer is the only way to win the heart of his crush. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Anne with an E","tags":"  Amybeth McNulty, Geraldine James, R.H. Thomson, Corrine Koslo, Dalila Bela, Lucas Jade Zumann, Aymeric Jett Montaz A plucky orphan whose passions run deep finds an unlikely home with a spinster and her soft-spoken bachelor brother. Based on \"Anne of Green Gables.\" foregin,drama,showforegin,drama,show"},{"title":"Half Girlfriend","tags":" Mohit Suri Arjun Kapoor, Shraddha Kapoor, Vikrant Massey, Seema Biswas, Rhea Chakraborty, Sujata Sehgal, Anisa Butt Small-town Madhav falls for big-city Riya and wants her to be his girlfriend. But she views their relationship differently, and suggests a compromise. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sex, Explained","tags":"  Janelle Mon\u00e1e From the biology of attraction to the history of birth control, explore the ins and outs of sex in this entertaining and enlightening series. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Thieves of the Wood","tags":"  Matteo Simoni, Tom Van Dyck, Stef Aerts, Anne-Laure Vandeputte, Jeroen Perceval, Charlotte Timmers, Dirk Roofthooft, Anemone Valcke Charismatic highwayman Jan de Lichte leads the oppressed and downtrodden in a revolt against the corrupt aristocracy of 18th-century Flanders. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Aruna & Her Palate","tags":" Edwin Dian Sastrowardoyo, Oka Antara, Hannah Al Rashid, Nicholas Saputra, Deddy Mahendra Desta, Ayu Azhari An epidemiologist turns her nationwide bird flu investigation into a chance to sample local delicacies en route, with three friends along for the ride. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Because This Is My First Life","tags":"  Lee Min-ki, Jung So-min, Esom, Kim Ga-eun, Park Byung-eun, Kim Min-seok, Moon Hee-kyung, Kim Byung-ok, Kim Sun-young Two housemates get married for financial convenience, but discover nothing is simple when it comes to demanding in-laws, or facing their growing bond. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Border Security: America's Front Line","tags":"   This reality series chronicles the behind-the-scenes action as U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents safeguard the nation's crossings and ports. action,foregin,showaction,foregin,show"},{"title":"Breaking the Bank","tags":" Vadim Jean Kelsey Grammer, Tamsin Greig, John Michael Higgins, Mathew Horne, Pearce Quigley, Togo Igawa, Sonya Cassidy, Julie Dray, Danny Morgan, Andrew Sachs Bank chairman Charles Bunbury \u2013 who knows next to nothing about banking \u2013 fights to save both his company and his marriage from disaster. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Cells at Work!","tags":"  Kana Hanazawa, Tomoaki Maeno, Daisuke Ono, Kikuko Inoue, Maria Naganawa, Takahiro Sakurai, Saori Hayami, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Yuichi Nakamura, Shoya Chiba, M\u30fbA\u30fbO, Ayako Kawasumi, Aya Endo, Hiroyuki Yoshino, Mamiko Noto One newcomer red blood cell just wants to do her job. Between bacteria incursions and meeting a certain white blood cell, she's got a lot to learn! anime,showanime,show"},{"title":"Garfield Gets Real","tags":" Mark A.Z. Dipp\u00e9, Kyung Ho Lee Frank Welker, Wally Wingert, Gregg Berger, Jennifer Darling, Pat Fraley, Jason Marsden, Neil Ross, Audrey Wasilewski, Stephen Stanton, Greg Eagles After trying to live in the \"real world\" and concluding it isn't for him, Garfield must return to his comic-strip home before getting trapped forever. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Garfield's Fun Fest","tags":" Mark A.Z. Dipp\u00e9, Eondeok Han Frank Welker, Tim Conway, Gregg Berger, Wally Wingert, Audrey Wasilewski, Fred Tatasciore, Stephen Stanton, Jennifer Darling, Neil Ross, Greg Eagles Garfield has long been the champ at a yearly competition for the funniest comic strip. But this time, Garfield must battle tall, handsome Ramone. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Garfield's Pet Force","tags":" Mark A.Z. Dipp\u00e9 Frank Welker, Vanessa Marshall, Gregg Berger, Wally Wingert, Audrey Wasilewski, Jason Marsden, Fred Tatasciore, Stephen Stanton, Jennifer Darling, Neil Ross, Greg Eagles, Cathy Cavadini, David Michie, Greg Finley When an alien menace and her army of undead minions threaten to enslave the world, Garfield heads a team of comic-strip superheroes to save the day. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Ghost Stories","tags":" Anurag Kashyap, Dibakar Banerjee, Karan Johar, Zoya Akhtar Janhvi Kapoor, Sobhita Dhulipala, Sukant Goel, Gulshan Devaiah, Mrunal Thakur, Avinash Tiwary, Vijay Varma, Sagar Arya, Surekha Sikri, Pavail Gulati The directors of Emmy-nominated \"Lust Stories\" (Zoya Akhtar, Anurag Kashyap, Dibakar Banerjee and Karan Johar) reunite for this quartet of thrillers. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Jeff Dunham: Unhinged in Hollywood","tags":" Michael Simon Jeff Dunham Unfiltered ventriloquist Jeff Dunham brings his ragtag crew of puppet pals to Hollywood for big laughs about celebrity culture and California living. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius","tags":" John A. Davis Debi Derryberry, Jeffrey Garcia, Rob Paulsen, Megan Cavanagh, Mark DeCarlo, Carolyn Lawrence, Andrea Martin, Candi Milo, Crystal Scales, Martin Short, Patrick Stewart, Jim Cummings When gooey green aliens kidnap all the adults in Retroville, it's up to 11-year-old Jimmy Neutron to come up with a plan to rescue them. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Live Up To Your Name","tags":"  Kim Nam-gil, Kim Ah-joong, Yoo Min-kyu, Moon Ga-young, Yun Ju-sang, Um Hyo-sup, An Seok-hwan, Lee Dae-yeon, Oh Dae-whan Pushed together by twists of time, a Joseon doctor and a cardiac surgeon overcome their 400-year divide as they learn and heal through each other. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Messiah","tags":"  Michelle Monaghan, Mehdi Dehbi, John Ortiz, Tomer Sisley, Melinda Page Hamilton, Stefania LaVie Owen, Sayyid El Alami, Jane Adams, Wil Traval, Fares Landoulsi A wary CIA officer investigates a charismatic man who sparks a spiritual movement and stirs political unrest. A fictional story not based on true events. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Mia and Me","tags":"  Rosabell Laurenti Sellers, Adrian Moore, Saphia Stoney, Josephine Benini, Andrew Craig, Tajja Isen, Rod Wilson, Linda Ballantyne, Jonathan Wilson, Elizabeth Hanna, Norma Dell'Agnese A mysterious gift from her late parents sends 12-year-old Mia into an enchanted world of elves, unicorns and an evil queen named Panthea. familyfamily"},{"title":"Nisman: The Prosecutor, the President, and the Spy","tags":" Justin Webster  This docuseries details the suspicious death of Alberto Nisman, investigator of the 1994 bombing of the Argentine Israelite Mutual Association building. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Pan's Labyrinth","tags":" Guillermo del Toro Ivana Baquero, Sergi L\u00f3pez, Maribel Verd\u00fa, Doug Jones, Ariadna Gil, \u00c1lex Angulo, Manolo Solo, C\u00e9sar Vea, Roger Casamajor, Sergi Lopez Young Ofelia meets a mythical faun who claims she is destined to become princess of the Underworld. But first she must carry out three perilous tasks. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Pok\u00e9mon the Movie: Power of Us","tags":" Tetsuo Yajima Gim Yeong-seon, Ikue Otani, O Inseong, I Sen-ho, Jeong-shin Woo, Sarah Natochenny Ash and Pikachu journey to Fula City for its Wind Festival. When disaster looms, they must work together with a group of misfits to save the day! anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Posesif","tags":" Edwin Putri Marino, Adipati Dolken, Gritte Agatha, Chicco Kurniawan, Yayu Unru, Cut Mini Theo, Ismail Basbeth, Maulidina K. Putri A student diver risks her scholastic future and relationship with her father when she dates a moody transfer student consumed by their romance. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Reply 1988","tags":"  Lee Hye-ri, Park Bo-gum, Ryu Jun-yeol, Ko Kyoung-pyo, Lee Dong-hwi, Ryu Hye-young, Sung Dong-il, Lee Il-hwa Take a nostalgic trip back to the late 1980s through the lives of five families and their five teenage kids living in a small neighborhood in Seoul. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Road Trip: Beer Pong","tags":" Steve Rash Nestor Aaron Absera, Julianna Guill, Preston Jones, Julia Levy-Boeken, Danny Pudi, Michael Trotter, Daniel Newman, DJ Qualls When three college pals hit the road to compete in a big-time beer pong tournament, their trip morphs into an outrageous odyssey. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Save Me","tags":"  Taecyeon, Seo Ye-ji, Cho Seong-ha, Woo Do\u2011hwan, Son Byung-ho, Kim Kwang-gyoo, Yun Yoo-sun, Park Ji-young, Jeong Hae-gyoon, Jang Hyeok-jin Four young men come to the rescue of a former classmate whose family has been sucked into the clutches of a religious cult and its charismatic leader. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Spinning Out","tags":"  Kaya Scodelario, January Jones, Will Kemp, Willow Shields, Evan Roderick, David James Elliott, Sarah Wright Olsen, Svetlana Efremova, Amanda Zhou, Mitchell Edwards, Kaitlyn Leeb, Johnny Weir A figure skating Olympic hopeful struggles to balance love, family and fragile mental health as her dream of winning takes a dizzying hold. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Bride of Habaek","tags":"  Shin Sae-kyeong, Nam Joo-hyuk, Lim Ju-hwan, Krystal Jung, Gong Myoung, Lee Gyoung-young, Yang Dong-geun When a quest for divine stones in the human world goes awry, the water god Habaek seeks help from a psychiatrist predestined to serve him. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Aaviri","tags":" Ravi Babu Ravi Babu, Neha Chauhan, Sri Muktha, Bharani Shankar, Mukhtar Khan, Priya After losing their first child in an accident, a couple moves to a palatial home, where their young daughter comes under the spell of an eerie spirit. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Albert Pinto Ko Gussa Kyun Aata Hai?","tags":" Soumitra Ranade Nandita Das, Manav Kaul, Saurabh Shukla, Kishore Kadam, Omkar Das Manikpuri, Amarjeet Amle, Yusuf Hussain, Sushma Bakshi As the police investigate his disappearance, a young man heads to Goa to carry out an act of vengeance fueled by years of pent-up anger toward society. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"ARASHI's Diary -Voyage-","tags":"  Arashi Twenty years after their debut, join the beloved members of Arashi on a new journey as they showcase their lives, talents and gifts to the world. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Benchwarmers 2: Breaking Balls","tags":" Jon Rosenbaum Chris Klein, Jon Lovitz, Chelsey Reist, Lochlyn Munro, Liam Hughes, Jill Morrison, Zak Santiago, Garfield Wilson, Jonathan Silverman A rookie lawyer with an emasculating past in baseball can break into the legal world only if he manages a law firm's ragtag company softball team. comedy,sportscomedy,sports"},{"title":"How High 2","tags":" Bruce Leddy Lil Yachty, D.C. Young Fly, Alyssa Goss, DeRay Davis, Mary Lynn Rajskub, Blac Youngsta, Lil Baby, NeNe Leakes, Mike Epps, Al Shearer When a pair of friends uncover a weed Bible, their magical stash gets stolen, sending them on a pot-fueled quest through Atlanta to find it. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Occupied","tags":"  Henrik Mestad, Ane Dahl Torp, Ingeborga Dapkunaite, Eldar Skar, Ragnhild Gudbrandsen, Kristin Braut-Solheim In the near future, Russia initiates a \"silk glove\" invasion of Norway to restart oil production, but soon uncertainty, chaos and danger erupt. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Rainbow Ruby","tags":"  Alyssya Swales, Shannon Chan-Kent, Brian Drummond, Olivia Charles, Kate Higgins, Johnny Yong Bosch Ruby makes magical journeys with her teddy bear Choco to Rainbow Village, where her toys come to life \u2013 and where there's always a problem to solve! familyfamily"},{"title":"Robot Trains","tags":"  Bill Rogers, Carrie Savage, Ken Spassione, Angela Mulligan, Mark Szabo, Daniel J. Edwards, Mike Pollock, Anthony Salerno Keeping peace and safety in Train World is no easy task, but for five trains with the power to transform into robots, every crisis is an adventure! family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Yanxi Palace: Princess Adventures","tags":"  Wang Herun, Wang Yizhe, Wang Yuwei, Xu Xiaonuo, Wu Jinyan, Nie Yuan A determined Qing dynasty princess contends with palace intrigue and a vendetta against her family while navigating the treacherous terrain of romance. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The Disastrous Life of Saiki K.: Reawakened","tags":"  Hiroshi Kamiya, Daisuke Ono, Nobunaga Shimazaki, Satoshi Hino, Natsuki Hanae, Ai Kayano, Yukari Tamura, Maaya Uchida, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Masaya Matsukaze, Tomoaki Maeno, Kenji Nojima, Mitsuo Iwata, Rikako Aikawa, Yuki Kaji, Eri Kitamura, M\u30fbA\u30fbO, Kensho Ono, Kohsuke Toriumi, Nao Toyama Kusuo and his gaggle of self-proclaimed friends are back for more psychic mishaps. If he didn't have enough problems before, he's got even more now. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Hot Gimmick: Girl Meets Boy","tags":" Yuki Yamato Miona Hori, Hiroya Shimizu, Shotaro Mamiya, Mizuki Itagaki, Hiyori Sakurada, Kaisei Kamimura, Ai Yoshikawa, Ryohei Shima, Asuka Kurosawa, Kazuya Takahashi, Takashi Sorimachi, Riho Yoshioka A quiet teen's life is shaken up when she's forced to be her arrogant neighbor's slave. He loves her, but they both have a lot to learn about trust. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Blitz Patrollie","tags":" Andrew Wessels Joey Rasdien, David Kau, David Kibuuka, Chris Forrest, Santhiran Moonsamy, Quentin Krog, Kaseran Pillay, Mabutho Sithole, Mel Miller, Kagiso Lediga, Craig Urbani Caught between family pressures and small-time crime-fighting, a pair of bumbling cops tries to bust a massive drug deal and go down in history. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"El Pepe, a Supreme Life","tags":" Emir Kusturica Jos\u00e9 Mujica, Emir Kusturica In this intimate documentary, former Uruguayan President Jos\u00e9 \"Pepe\" Mujica talks about lessons he learned while in prison, his ideals and the future. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Kevin Hart: Don\u2019t F**k This Up","tags":"   Amid turmoil in his career and marriage, comedian and film star Kevin Hart opens up about his personal breakthroughs as he navigates crises and fame. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The App","tags":" Elisa Fuksas Vincenzo Crea, Jessica Cressy, Greta Scarano, Maya Sansa, Abel Ferrara, Anita Kravos While in Rome to shoot his first movie, actor and industrial heir Nick becomes obsessed with a dating app that sends him into a self-destructive spiral. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Bonfire of Destiny","tags":"  Audrey Fleurot, Julie de Bona, Camille Lou, Gilbert Melki, Josiane Balasko, Antoine Dul\u00e9ry, Florence Pernel, Th\u00e9o Fernandez, Victor Meutelet, Fran\u00e7ois-David Cardonnel, St\u00e9phane Guillon, Aur\u00e9lien Wiik, Gilles Cohen After a devastating fire in 1897 Paris, three women find their lives upended by betrayals, deceptions and romantic turmoil. Inspired by real events. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"You","tags":" Lee Toland Krieger Penn Badgley, Elizabeth Lail, Shay Mitchell, John Stamos, Luca Padovan, Zach Cherry Obsessed with an aspiring writer, a charming bookstore manager goes to extreme measures to insert himself into her life. action,romance,dramaaction,romance,drama"},{"title":"Doom: Annihilation","tags":" Tony Giglio Amy Manson, Dominic Mafham, Luke Allen-Gale, James Weber Brown, Clayton Adams, Nina Bergman, Amer Chadha-Patel, Gavin Brocker, Chidi Ajufo, Hari Dhillon, Katrina Nare When a swarm of soul-stealing demons invades a Martian moon, a group of elite space Marines must obliterate the beasts to save Earth. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Fireworks","tags":" Akiyuki Shinbo, Nobuyuki Takeuchi Yuki Kaji, Nobuo Tobita, Michiko Neya, Mitsuru Miyamoto, Fumihiko Tachiki, Shintaro Asanuma, Takahiro Sakurai, Kana Hanazawa, Toshiyuki Toyonaga, Suzu Hirose, Shinichiro Miki, Mamoru Miyano, Takako Matsu, Masaki Suda Middle schooler Nazuna desperately wants to run away with her classmate Norimichi, who somehow turns back time on this fateful summer's day. anime,romanceanime,romance"},{"title":"Grand-Daddy Day Care","tags":" Ron Oliver Danny Trejo, Reno Wilson, Margaret Avery, Barry Bostwick, Julia Duffy, Anthony Gonzalez, Linda Gray, James Hong, Hal Linden, Alec Mapa A frustrated novelist with money problems opens an unsanctioned senior center at his house to make quick cash and occupy his cumbersome father-in-law. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Jarhead: Law of Return","tags":" Don Michael Paul Amaury Nolasco, Devon Sawa, Robert Patrick, Jeff Pierre, Ben Cross, Amos Tamam, Yael Eitan, Tsahi Halevi When a U.S. senator\u2019s son is held captive by Hezbollah militiamen, a group of highly trained soldiers ventures into enemy territory to bring him home. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"MFKZ","tags":" Shojiro Nishimi, Guillaume Renard Kenn Michael, Vince Staples, Dino Andrade, Michael Chiklis, Giancarlo Esposito, Jorge Gutierrez, Dascha Polanco, RZA, Danny Trejo, Antonio Alvarez Mysterious goons chase teenage slacker Angelino through chaotic Dark Meat City as he uncovers secret powers that could be the key to saving the world. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Sweetheart","tags":" J.D. Dillard Kiersey Clemons, Emory Cohen, Hanna Mangan Lawrence, Andrew Crawford, Benedict Samuel A woman shipwrecked on a remote island discovers she\u2019s not alone and begins a fight for survival against a deadly presence that emerges each night. suspense,fantasy,suspensesuspense,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"CAROLE & TUESDAY","tags":"  Miyuri Shimabukuro, Kana Ichinose, Akio Otsuka, Miyu Irino, Sumire Uesaka, Hiroshi Kamiya, Mamoru Miyano, Kenyu Horiuchi, Tomoko Miyadera, Takahiro Sakurai, Maaya Sakamoto, Hiroki Yasumoto Part-timer Carole meets rich girl Tuesday, and each realizes they've found the musical partner they need. Together, they just might make it. anime,foregin,showanime,foregin,show"},{"title":"Como ca\u00eddo del cielo","tags":" Pepe Boj\u00f3rquez Omar Chaparro, Ana Claudia Talanc\u00f3n, Stephanie Cayo, Yare Santana, Ang\u00e9lica Mar\u00eda, Manuel 'Flaco' Ib\u00e1\u00f1ez, Laura De Ita To earn his place in heaven, legendary Mexican actor-singer Pedro Infante is sent back to Earth in an impersonator's body to mend his womanizing ways. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"John Mulaney & The Sack Lunch Bunch","tags":" Rhys Thomas John Mulaney, Alexander Bello, Tyler Bourke, Ava Briglia, Cordelia Comando, Camille De La Cruz, Oriah Elgrabli, Jake Ryan Flynn, Orson Hong, Isabella Iannelli, Jacob Laval, Suri Marrero, Zell Steele Morrow, Jonah Mussolino, Lexi Perkel, Linder Sutton John Mulaney and his kid pals tackle existential topics for all ages with catchy songs, comedy sketches and special guests in a nostalgic variety special. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Lost in Space","tags":"  Molly Parker, Toby Stephens, Max Jenkins, Taylor Russell, Mina Sundwall, Parker Posey, Ignacio Serricchio After crash-landing on an alien planet, the Robinson family fights against all odds to survive and escape. But they're surrounded by hidden dangers. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Jacob's Ladder","tags":" David M. Rosenthal Michael Ealy, Jesse Williams, Nicole Beharie, Guy Burnet, Joseph Sikora, Karla Souza, Ritchie Coster, Jon Eyez After being reunited with a brother he thought was killed in combat, a former army medic begins to experience violent, paranoid visions. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Private Practice","tags":"  Kate Walsh, Tim Daly, Audra McDonald, Paul Adelstein, Taye Diggs, Amy Brenneman, KaDee Strickland, Chris Lowell, Brian Benben At Oceanside Wellness Center, Dr. Addison Montgomery deals with competing personalities in the new world of holistic medicine. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Back of the Net","tags":" Louise Alston Sofia Wylie, Tiarnie Coupland, Trae Robin, Gemma Chua-Tran, Ashleigh Ross, Yasmin Honeychurch, Raj Labade, Christopher Kirby, Melissa Bonne, Kate Box An American science geek ready to spend a summer at sea accidentally ends up at an Australian soccer academy and is forced to kick it with the locals. family,sportsfamily,sports"},{"title":"Lost in London","tags":" Sunkanmi Adebayo Ime Bishop Umoh, Alexx Ekubo, Stanley Chibunna, Ella Betts, Adi Lev, Kemi Olofinmakin Nigerian students Okon and Bona experience culture shock \u2013 several shocks, really \u2013 after being selected for an exchange program in London. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Agent","tags":"  Khumbulani Kay Sibiya, Sisanda Henna, Tarynn Wyngaard, Anthony Oseyemi, Virgile Bramly, Manie Malone, Yannick Konnan, Vinaya Sungkur, Michaella Russell, Thabo Malema A former footballer tries to make it as a player agent in the world of African soccer, but a secret from his past threatens to destroy everything. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Being Mrs Elliot","tags":" Omoni Oboli Omoni Oboli, Majid Michel, Ayo Makun, Uru Eke, Ime Bishop Umoh, Lepacious Bose, Seun Akindele, Sylvia Oluchy, Chika Chukwu When a scorned wife from the city shares a cab with a troubled villager, a fiery accident forces them to live out each other's lives. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Iyore","tags":" Frank Rajah Arase Rita Dominic, Joseph Benjamin, Okawa Shaznay, Paul Obazele, Yemi Blaq, Bukky Wright A tragic romance unfolds during a teacher's lessons on the Benin empire after they begin to mirror her love life when her childhood love reappears. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Two Popes","tags":" Fernando Meirelles Anthony Hopkins, Jonathan Pryce, Juan Minuj\u00edn At a key turning point for the Catholic Church, Pope Benedict XVI forms a surprising friendship with the future Pope Francis. Inspired by true events. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Witcher","tags":"  Henry Cavill, Anya Chalotra, Freya Allan, Jodhi May, MyAnna Buring, Joey Batey, Eamon Farren, Mimi Ndiweni, Bj\u00f6rn Hlynur Haraldsson, Adam Levy, Lars Mikkelsen, Royce Pierreson, Wilson Radjou-Pujalte, Anna Shaffer Geralt of Rivia, a mutated monster-hunter for hire, journeys toward his destiny in a turbulent world where people often prove more wicked than beasts. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"After the Raid","tags":" Rodrigo Reyes  A large immigration raid in a small town leaves emotional fallout and hard questions for its churchgoers about what it means to love thy neighbor. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Twice Upon A Time","tags":"  Gaspard Ulliel, Freya Mavor Months after a crushing breakup, a man receives a mysterious package that opens a portal to the past \u2013 and gives him a chance to win back his ex. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Ultraviolet","tags":"  Marta Nieradkiewicz, Sebastian Fabija\u0144ski, Agata Kulesza, Bart\u0142omiej Topa, Magdalena Czerwi\u0144ska, Micha\u0142 \u017burawski, Marek Kalita, Paulina Chapko, Karolina Chapko, Viet Anh Do An online community of amateur sleuths use technology to solve crimes \u2013 and make quirky friends \u2013 in their quest for justice. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Don't F**k with Cats: Hunting an Internet Killer","tags":" Mark Lewis  A twisted criminal's gruesome videos drive a group of amateur online sleuths to launch a risky manhunt that pulls them into a dark underworld. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Soundtrack","tags":"  Paul James, Callie Hernandez, Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Jenna Dewan, Jahmil French, Megan Ferguson, Madeleine Stowe, Campbell Scott, Isaiah Givens Love, loss and transformative luck intersect in this musical drama about two struggling artists experiencing life at full volume in Los Angeles. romance,dramaromance,drama"},{"title":"Ronny Chieng: Asian Comedian Destroys America!","tags":" Sebastian DiNatale Ronny Chieng Ronny Chieng (\"The Daily Show,\" \"Crazy Rich Asians\") takes center stage in this stand-up special and riffs on modern American life and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Sincerely Yours, Dhaka","tags":" Nuhash Humayun, Syed Ahmed Shawki, Rahat Rahman, Robiul Alam Robi, Golam Kibria Farooki, Mir Mukarram Hossain, Tanvir Ahsan, Mahmudul Islam, Abdullah Al Noor, Krishnendu Chattopadhyay, Syed Saleh Ahmed Sobhan Mostafizur Noor Imran, Orchita Sporshia, Allen Shubhro, Shamol Mawla, Sarder Saniat Hossain, Manoj Kumar Pramanik, Trapa Majumder, Intekhab Dinar, Iresh Zaker, Lutfur Rahman George Eleven emerging Bangladeshi filmmakers present a collection of gritty shorts centered on the capital city and the people living in its margins. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Danish Girl","tags":" Tom Hooper Eddie Redmayne, Alicia Vikander, Ben Whishaw, Sebastian Koch, Amber Heard, Matthias Schoenaerts, Pip Torrens, Nicholas Woodeson, Emerald Fennell, Adrian Schiller In 1920s Denmark, married artists embark on a journey of unconditional love when the husband announces his intentions to live life as a woman. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Bangistan","tags":" Karan Anshuman Riteish Deshmukh, Pulkit Samrat, Kumud Mishra, Chandan Roy Sanyal, Arya Babbar, Shivkumar Subramaniam, Tom Alter, Jacqueline Fernandez Sent on the same deadly international mission by their rival religious factions, two men's madcap antics along the way take them hilariously off course. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Cinderella and the Four Knights","tags":"  Jung Il-woo, Ahn Jae-hyeon, Park So-dam, Lee Jung-shin, Kim Yong-geon, Choi Min, Son Na-eun Catching the eye of a wealthy gentleman, spunky Ha-won gets hired to live with his three immature grandsons so she can whip them into shape. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Cocomong","tags":"  Jung Sun-hye, Yang Jeong-hwa, Kim Jang, Ryoo Jeom-hee, Hong Bum-ki, Shin Yong-woo What's in your fridge? In sunny Refrigerator Land, everyday ingredients transform into animal friends who love a good adventure. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Crash Landing on You","tags":"  Hyun Bin, Son Ye-jin, Seo Ji-hye, Kim Jung-hyun, Oh Man-seok, Kim Young-min, Kim Jung-nan, Kim Sun-young, Hwangwoo Seul-hye A paragliding mishap drops a South Korean heiress in North Korea \u2013 and into the life of an army officer, who decides he will help her hide. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Crazy, Lovely, Cool","tags":" Obi Emelonye Enyinna Nwigwe, Adesua Etomi, Uru Eke, Zynnell Zuh, Obi Okolie, Anthony Monjaro, Emmanuel Emelu, Chinonye Chidolue, Lorenzo Menakaya, King Bawa For a group of charismatic undergraduates, the jolting revelations from a campus blog turn surviving university life into a serious matter. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Dil Chahta Hai","tags":" Farhan Akhtar Aamir Khan, Saif Ali Khan, Akshaye Khanna, Preity Zinta, Sonali Kulkarni, Dimple Kapadia, Ayub Khan, Rajat Kapoor, Suhasini Mulay, Ahmed Khan Inseparable childhood friends Akash, Sameer and Siddharth are just out of college. Nothing comes between them \u2013 until they each fall in love. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Dil Dhadakne Do","tags":" Zoya Akhtar Anil Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, Ranveer Singh, Anushka Sharma, Farhan Akhtar, Shefali Shah, Rahul Bose, Parmeet Sethi, Vikrant Massey, Zarina Wahab, Aamir Khan While hosting a shipboard holiday for relatives and friends, a wealthy but dysfunctional family must face the ugly truths under their flawless facade. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Don","tags":" Farhan Akhtar Shah Rukh Khan, Priyanka Chopra, Arjun Rampal, Isha Koppikar, Kareena Kapoor, Boman Irani, Om Puri, Pavan Malhotra A ruthless crime boss and drug lord is nabbed and held captive by the authorities, who send his na\u00efve look-alike to infiltrate the man's gang. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Don 2","tags":" Farhan Akhtar Shah Rukh Khan, Priyanka Chopra, Boman Irani, Lara Dutta, Kunal Kapoor, Om Puri, Alyy Khan, Nawab Shah With Asia under his complete control, criminal mastermind Don turns to Europe, battling the mob bosses of each nation along the way. action,foregin,musicaction,foregin,music"},{"title":"Fukrey","tags":" Mrighdeep Singh Lamba Pulkit Samrat, Manjot Singh, Ali Fazal, Varun Sharma, Richa Chadda, Priya Anand, Vishakha Singh, Pankaj Tripathi Four young male friends tackle the challenges and unexpected catastrophes of growing up clueless in this music-packed Bollywood teen drama. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Game","tags":" Abhinay Deo Abhishek Bachchan, Kangana Ranaut, Anupam Kher, Boman Irani, Jimmy Shergill, Shahana Goswami, Gauhar Khan, Sarah-Jane Dias A tycoon accuses three strangers of killing his daughter but mysteriously dies before he can expose them, sparking a tangled hunt for the real culprit. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Girls und Panzer","tags":" Tsutomu Mizushima Mai Fuchigami, Ai Kayano, Mami Ozaki, Ikumi Nakagami, Yuka Iguchi, Misato Fukuen, Mikako Takahashi, Kana Ueda Miho Nishizumi tries to escape her family's tradition of tankery by enrolling at a new high school. Instead she gets back into the sport with friends. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Honeymoon Travels Pvt. Ltd.","tags":" Reema Kagti Shabana Azmi, Boman Irani, Abhay Deol, Minissha Lamba, Kay Kay Menon, Raima Sen, Sandhya Mridul, Vikram Chatwal, Ameesha Patel, Karan Khanna, Diya Mirza, Ranvir Shorey This offbeat comedy-drama follows six quirky newlywed couples as they set off on a bus from Mumbai to Goa on their honeymoons. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Isoken","tags":" Jadesola Osiberu Dakore Akande, Joseph Benjamin, Marc Rhys, Funke Akindele, Lydia Forson, Damilola Adegbite, Tina Mba, Patrick Doyle Single at 34, Isoken is maneuvered by her mother toward a relationship with a black entrepreneur but finds herself drawn to a white photojournalist. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Karthik Calling Karthik","tags":" Vijay Lalwani Farhan Akhtar, Deepika Padukone, Ram Kapoor, Vivan Bhatena, Vipin Sharma, Yatin Karyekar, Shefali Shah Unlucky in love and bullied at work, an office drone is resigned to his dead-end life until it\u2019s transformed by mysterious calls from \u2026 himself. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Lakshya","tags":" Farhan Akhtar Amitabh Bachchan, Hrithik Roshan, Preity Zinta, Om Puri, Sharad Kapoor, Rajendranath Zutshi, Sushant Singh, Prashant Chainani, Shakeel Khan, Ranvir Shorey After dropping out of the army, a spoiled teenager reenlists and proves his mettle by becoming an officer just as war breaks out. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Luck by Chance","tags":" Zoya Akhtar Farhan Akhtar, Konkona Sen Sharma, Rishi Kapoor, Dimple Kapadia, Isha Sharvani, Sanjay Kapoor, Juhi Chawla, Hrithik Roshan, Alyy Khan, Sheeba Chaddha When Vikram gets tapped to play the male lead in a Bollywood film, he can't believe his luck. But it may ruin his relationship with his girlfriend. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Potato Potahto","tags":" Shirley Frimpong-Manso O.C. Ukeje, Joselyn Dumas, Joke Silva, Blossom Chukwujekwu, Kemi Lala Akindoju, Chris Attoh, Nikki Samonas, Adjetey Anang, Victoria Micheals A divorced couple decides to continue sharing a home but their already-delicate cohabiting scheme unravels when they begin dating other people. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Rock On!!","tags":" Abhishek Kapoor Farhan Akhtar, Arjun Rampal, Purab Kohli, Luke Kenny, Prachi Desai, Shahana Goswami, Koel Purie Four friends hoped that their rock band would be a hit. After breaking up, the band members reunite and take another shot at fulfilling their dream. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Scooby-Doo!: Mystery Incorporated","tags":"  Frank Welker, Mindy Cohn, Grey DeLisle, Matthew Lillard, Patrick Warburton, Gary Cole, Frances Conroy, Vivica A. Fox In this animated update of the cartoon classic, Scooby-Doo, Shaggy and their pals solve spooky mysteries in a hamlet bedeviled by supernatural bedlam. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Talaash","tags":" Reema Kagti Aamir Khan, Rani Mukerji, Kareena Kapoor, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Shernaz Patel, Sheeba Chaddha Set in the jumbled landscape of Mumbai, this mystery drama centers on a police inspector who's trying to cope with the collapse of his marriage. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"What's New Scooby-Doo?","tags":"  Frank Welker, Casey Kasem, Mindy Cohn, Grey DeLisle Scooby-Doo and the gang enter the 21st century with this updated edition of the original series with more ghoulish mysteries to solve. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara","tags":" Zoya Akhtar Hrithik Roshan, Abhay Deol, Farhan Akhtar, Katrina Kaif, Kalki Koechlin, Deepti Naval, Naseeruddin Shah, Ariadna Cabrol Three friends on an adventurous road trip\/bachelor party in Spain learn some lessons about themselves and each other that will change them forever. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"6 Underground","tags":" Michael Bay Ryan Reynolds, M\u00e9lanie Laurent, Corey Hawkins, Dave Franco, Adria Arjona, Manuel Garcia-Rulfo, Ben Hardy, Lior Raz, Payman Maadi, Yuri Kolokolnikov, Kim Kold After faking his death, a tech billionaire recruits a team of international operatives for a bold and bloody mission to take down a brutal dictator. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"A Trip to Jamaica","tags":" Robert O. Peters Ayo Makun, Funke Akindele, Nse Ikpe-Etim, Dan Davies, Paul Campbell, Chris Attoh, Rebecca Silvera, Eric Roberts, Joe Diaz, Alex Moore A newly engaged couple's romantic vacation in Jamaica turns into a mischievous adventure that tests their union in wild and unexpected ways. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"My Wife and I","tags":" Bunmi Ajakaiye Ramsey Nouah, Omoni Oboli, Dorcas Shola Fapson, Sambasa Nzeribe, Jemima Osunde, Dozie Onyiriuka, Rotimi Adelagan, Seyilaw When a couple leaning toward divorce meets with a pastor for counseling, an unexpected development shakes up their marriage. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Okafor's Law","tags":" Omoni Oboli  An unapologetic lothario sets out to seduce three ex-flames \u2013 but gets an unexpected education in love along the way. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The 9th Precinct","tags":" Ding-Lin Wang Roy Chiu, Chia-Chia Peng, Wen Chen-ling, Eugenie Liu, Yeo Yann Yann An idealistic cop joins an underground police unit and battles ghoulish forces threatening the balance between the human and the supernatural realms. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Jack Whitehall: Christmas with My Father","tags":" Richard van't Riet Jack Whitehall, Michael Whitehall, Hugh Bonneville, Graham Norton, Layton Williams, Andrew Lloyd Webber, Tim Rice, Tan France, Antoni Porowski, Jonathan Van Ness Jack Whitehall invites his notoriously stuffy father onstage in London's West End for a Christmas comedy extravaganza, complete with celebrity guests. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Sky Is Pink","tags":" Shonali Bose Rohit Saraf, Zaira Wasim, Farhan Akhtar, Priyanka Chopra After succumbing to her terminal illness, a teenager posthumously narrates her parents\u2019 tenacious relationship in this drama based on a true story. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Good and Prosperous","tags":" Sameh Abdulaziz Ali Rabee, Mohamed Abdel-Rahman, Bayoumi Fouad, Karim Afifi, Dalal Abdel Aziz, Mai Selim, Tara Emad, Mohammed Tharwat, Haifa Wehbe, Ahmed Adel As two jobless brothers search aimlessly for careers worthy of their hard-to-please mother\u2019s praise, they cluelessly tackle countless gigs. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Michelle Wolf: Joke Show","tags":" Lance Bangs Michelle Wolf Comedian Michelle Wolf takes on outrage culture, massages, childbirth, feminism and much more (like otters) in a stand-up special from New York City. comedycomedy"},{"title":"A Family Reunion Christmas","tags":" Robbie Countryman Loretta Devine, Tia Mowry-Hardrict, Anthony Alabi, Talia Jackson, Isaiah Russell-Bailey, Cameron J. Wright, Jordyn Raya James, Jack\u00e9e Harry, Richard Roundtree M'Dear and her sisters struggle to keep their singing act together before a church Christmas pageant while Grandpa teaches the kids a valuable lesson. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"It Comes at Night","tags":" Trey Edward Shults Joel Edgerton, Christopher Abbott, Carmen Ejogo, Riley Keough, Kelvin Harrison Jr., David Pendleton, Griffin Robert Faulkner As danger stalks the world outside his isolated home, an overprotective father faces a tough decision when another family shows up seeking help. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Saaho","tags":" Sujeeth Prabhas, Shraddha Kapoor, Jackie Shroff, Chunky Pandey, Neil Nitin Mukesh, Arun Vijay, Vennela Kishore, Murli Sharma, Lal, Prakash Belawadi, Mahesh Manjrekar, Tinnu Anand In a fictional megalopolis, a stunning underworld theft triggers a fierce power struggle among the gangsters, with an enigmatic cop on their trail. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Nothing to Lose 2","tags":" Alexandre Avancini Petr\u00f4nio Gontijo, Day Mesquita, Beth Goulart, Dalton Vigh, Eduardo Galv\u00e3o, C\u00e9sar Mello, Leonardo Franco, Raphael Viana, Ot\u00e1vio Martins As controversy surrounds the evangelical church he helped found, Edir Macedo must juggle betrayals, politics and personal loss in this biopic sequel. drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Astronomy Club: The Sketch Show","tags":"  Shawtane Bowen, Jonathan Braylock, Ray Cordova, Caroline Martin, Jerah Milligan, Monique Moses, Keisha Zollar, James III With unique individual perspectives that converge into a unified voice, sketch comedy group Astronomy Club delivers a smart and absurd brand of humor. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Banana Island Ghost","tags":" BB Sasore Chigul, Patrick Diabuah, Adetomiwa Edun, Uche Jumbo, Saidi Balogun, Ali Nuhu, Bimbo Manuel, Akah Nnani, Damilola Adegbite, Dorcas Shola Fapson Searching for a soul mate, a ghost negotiates with God for three more days on Earth to find love, then meets a woman in need of help herself. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Fuller House","tags":"  Candace Cameron Bure, Jodie Sweetin, Andrea Barber, Michael Campion, Elias Harger, Soni Bringas, Dashiell Messitt, Fox Messitt, John Stamos, Bob Saget, Dave Coulier, Lori Loughlin, Scott Weinger, Blake Tuomy-Wilhoit, Dylan Tuomy-Wilhoit, John Brotherton, Juan Pablo Di Pace The Tanner family\u2019s adventures continue as DJ Tanner-Fuller shares a home with her sister Stephanie and friend Kimmy who help raise her three boys. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Marriage Story","tags":" Noah Baumbach Scarlett Johansson, Adam Driver, Laura Dern, Alan Alda, Ray Liotta, Julie Hagerty, Merritt Wever, Azhy Robertson Academy Award-nominated filmmaker Noah Baumbach directs this incisive and compassionate look at a marriage coming apart and a family staying together. dramadrama"},{"title":"No Game No Life: Zero","tags":" Atsuko Ishizuka Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Ai Kayano, Yoko Hikasa, Yukari Tamura, Yuka Iguchi, Mamiko Noto, Miyuki Sawashiro, Rie Kugimiya, Toru Okawa, Kazuyuki Okitsu, Junichi Suwabe, Lynn, Yui Horie, Nanako Mori, Ryota Takeuchi In ancient Disboard, a young warrior befriends an ex machina and embarks on a harrowing mission to stop a global war and save humanity from extinction. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Slow Country","tags":" Eric Aghimien Ivie Okujaye, Sambasa Nzeribe, Tope Tedela, Gina Castel, Majid Michel, Victor Erabie, Brutus Richard, Adebayo Thomas Desperate to leave a life of prostitution, a teenage mother attempts to outsmart her ruthless boss who is determined to keep his prized asset. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Spirit Riding Free: Spirit of Christmas","tags":"  Amber Frank, Bailey Gambertoglio, Sydney Park, Evan Agos, Kay Bess, Darcy Rose Byrnes, David Faustino, Gabriella Graves, Duncan Joiner, Katherine McNamara, Nolan North, Tiya Sircar Lucky and friends must figure out how to get home in time for Christmas when a falling boulder \u2013 and a serious snowstorm \u2013 derail their travel plans. familyfamily"},{"title":"Teasing Master Takagi-san","tags":"  Rie Takahashi, Yuki Kaji, Konomi Kohara, M\u30fbA\u30fbO, Yui Ogura, Yuma Uchida, Kotori Koiwai, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Fukushi Ochiai Teased constantly by classmate Takagi-san, middle-schooler Nishikata swears payback by trying (and failing) to give her a dose of her own medicine. anime,foregin,romanceanime,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Chosen One","tags":" Michel Tikhomiroff Paloma Bernardi, Renan Tenca, Gutto Szuster, Pedro Caetano, Mariano Mattos Martins, Alli Willow, Kiko Vianello, Francisco Gaspar, Tuna Dwek, Lourinelson Vladmir, Leonardo Ventura, Aury Porto, Glauber Amaral, Astrea Lucena Determined to bring a Zika vaccine to the remote Pantanal, three doctors clash with a faith healer and are pulled deeper into the mysteries of his cult. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Confession Killer","tags":" Robert Kenner, Taki Oldham  Henry Lee Lucas rose to infamy when he confessed to hundreds of unsolved murders. This docuseries examines the truth \u2013 and horrifying consequences. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Three Days of Christmas","tags":"  Victoria Abril, Elena Anaya, Mar Ayala, Nerea Barros, Berta Casta\u00f1\u00e9, Ver\u00f3nica Echegui, Ver\u00f3nica Forqu\u00e9, \u00c1ngela Molina, Anna Moliner, Charo L\u00f3pez, Mariona Pag\u00e8s, Carla Tous, Carles Arquimbau, Manel Barcel\u00f3, Nausicaa Bonn\u00edn, Alicia Borrachero, Antonio Dechent, Miquel Fern\u00e1ndez, Francesc Garrido, Iv\u00e1n Morales, Susi S\u00e1nchez, David Solans Four sisters deal with family drama and secrets throughout three different time periods, all occurring on Christmas Day. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Wives on Strike","tags":" Omoni Oboli Omoni Oboli, Kenneth Okonkwo, Kalu Ikeagwu, Uche Jumbo, Ufoma Ejenobor, Julius Agu, Udoka Oyeka, Chioma Chukwuka-Akpotha, Kehinde Bankole A group of local women band together to save a terrified young girl from marriage, launching a hilarious strike against their frustrated husbands. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Wives on Strike: The Revolution","tags":" Omoni Oboli Uche Jumbo, Omoni Oboli, Sola Sobowale, Chioma Chukwuka-Akpotha, Ufuoma McDermott, Odunlade Adekola, Kalu Ikeagwu, Kenneth Okonkwo After a woman is severely beaten at home, her strong-willed friends take a stand against their husbands to seek justice for domestic abuse victims. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"A Christmas Prince: The Royal Baby","tags":" John Schultz Rose McIver, Ben Lamb, Alice Krige, Honor Kneafsey, Sarah Douglas, Andy Lucas, Raj Bajaj, Richard Ashton, Tahirah Sharif, Joel McVeagh, Theo Devaney, Kevin Shen, Momo Yeung, Crystal Yu, Billy Angel Christmas brings the ultimate gift to Aldovia: a royal baby. But first, Queen Amber must save her family and kingdom by unwrapping a monarchy mystery. family,drama,romancefamily,drama,romance"},{"title":"The Irishman: In Conversation","tags":"  Martin Scorsese, Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, Joe Pesci Join director Martin Scorsese as he sits down with stars Robert De Niro, Al Pacino and Joe Pesci for an intimate, intriguing look inside \"The Irishman.\" documentaldocumental"},{"title":"V Wars","tags":"  Ian Somerhalder, Adrian Holmes, Jacky Lai, Kyle Breitkopf, Peter Outerbridge, Kimberly-Sue Murray, Sydney Meyer, Kandyse McClure, Laura Vandervoort, Michael Greyeyes, Greg Bryk, Teddy Moynihan, Ted Atherton, Jonathan Higgins, Nikki Reed, Samantha Liana Cole, Laura de Carteret, Bo Martyn A fast-spreading disease that turns victims into blood-sucking fiends pits two best friends against each other in a fight for humanity's future. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Last O.G.","tags":"  Tracy Morgan, Tiffany Haddish, Cedric the Entertainer, Allen Maldonado, Ryan Gaul, Taylor Mosby, Dante Hoagland, Joel Marsh Garland, Gino Vento, Derek Gaines, Daniel J. Watts, Malik Yoba, Edi Patterson After 15 years behind bars, a kindhearted ex-drug dealer returns to Brooklyn looking for a fresh start, only to discover things have changed. A lot. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Prince of Tennis ~ Match! Tennis Juniors ~","tags":"  Peng Yuchang, Dong Li, Zhang Yijie, Xie Binbin, Zhu Zhiling, Xu Ke, Wu Xudong, Li He, Fan Linfeng A tennis whiz beats the odds to excel on the court while juggling school and inspiring teammates. Based on the hit manga series by Takeshi Konomi. foregin,drama,showforegin,drama,show"},{"title":"The Road to Love","tags":"  Katherine Escobar Farfan, Juan Manuel Restrepo, C\u00e9sar Mora, Mario Espitia, Carmenza Gonz\u00e1lez, Jos\u00e9 Daniel Cristancho, Felipe Bernedette, Camilo Amores, Linda Luc\u00eda Callejas, Fernando Sol\u00f3rzano, Mar\u00eda Laura Quintero, Toto Vega, Mayra Luna, Ana Mar\u00eda Cu\u00e9llar, Mar\u00eda Fernanda Matus After an argument with her dad, a young woman from a family of macho truck drivers is kicked out of the home and must make her own success as a trucker. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Tiffany Haddish: Black Mitzvah","tags":" Linda Mendoza Tiffany Haddish On her 40th birthday, Tiffany Haddish drops a bombastic special studded with singing, dancing and raunchy reflections on her long road to womanhood. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Nightflyers","tags":"  Eoin Macken, David Ajala, Jodie Turner-Smith, Angus Sampson, Sam Strike, Maya Eshet, Br\u00edan F. O'Byrne, Gretchen Mol, Miranda Raison With humankind's future at stake, a group of scientists and a powerful telepath venture into the void aboard a spaceship full of secrets. suspense,suspense,fantasysuspense,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"A Cinderella Story: Christmas Wish","tags":" Michelle Johnston Laura Marano, Gregg Sulkin, Isabella Gomez, Johannah Newmarch, Lillian Doucet-Roche, Chanelle Peloso, Barclay Hope, Garfield Wilson Despite her vain stepmother and mean stepsisters, an aspiring singer works as an elf at a Christmas tree lot and finds her own holiday miracle. family,comedy,musicfamily,comedy,music"},{"title":"Baby Dolls","tags":" Vijay Kumar Arora Nirmal Rishi, Sonam Bajwa, Sukhwinder Chahal, Tania, Gurnam Bhullar When two sisters travel from Canada to Punjab to visit their maternal family, they discover an opportunity to mend a broken bond with their grandmother. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Cut Bank","tags":" Matt Shakman Liam Hemsworth, Teresa Palmer, Billy Bob Thornton, Bruce Dern, John Malkovich, Michael Stuhlbarg, Oliver Platt A small-town dreamer is sure he's landed on a gold mine after accidentally filming a murder but is sucked into a violent tale of greed and deception. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Dead Kids","tags":" Mikhail Red Khalil Ramos, Vance Larena, Kelvin Miranda, Jan Silverio, Markus Paterson, Gabby Padilla, Sue Ramirez A socially awkward teen bonds with a group of misfits who plot to abduct the school's arrogant rich kid \u2013 until their kidnapping scheme turns deadly. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Eastsiders","tags":"  Kit Williamson, Van Hansis, Constance Wu, Matthew McKelligon, John Halbach, Stephen Guarino Cal turns to his friends for help through a hilariously dark time when he discovers that his partner Thom's been cheating on him. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"High End Yaariyan","tags":" Pankaj Batra Ninja, Ranjit Bawa, Jassi Gill, Musskan Sethi, Navneet Kaur Dhillon, Neet Mahal, Aarushi Sharma From romantic pursuits to their friendship, a trio of young men navigate the complexities of relationships while sharing a London apartment. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Iron Fists and Kung-Fu Kicks","tags":" Serge Ou  This documentary examines the influence of Hong Kong's martial arts cinema on filmmaking from the Shaw Brothers to modern-day Hollywood blockbusters. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Jindua","tags":" Navaniat Singh Jimmy Shergill, Sargun Mehta, Neeru Bajwa, Bhavkhandan Singh Rakhra, Arkie Kandola, Nina Rehill, Rajiv Thakur, Harjap Singh Bhangal, Balinder Johal, Carolyn Bridget Kennedy, Sonia Dhillon, Jimmy Sheirgill An Indian man in Canada marries a local citizen to legalize his immigration status. The only problem? His girlfriend isn't thrilled about his new wife. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Lakeeran","tags":"  Harman Virk, Yuvika Chaudhry, Nirmal Rishi, Shavinder Mahal, B.N. Sharma, Anita Meet, Poonam Sood, B.B. Verma, Satwant Kaur, Gurinder Rai Guilt-ridden over his involvement in a fatal car accident, a young ex-pat returns to Punjab, falling for a woman who carries traumas of her own. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mahi NRI","tags":" Gaurav Bavdankar Harrdy Sandhu, Poppy Jabbal, Rameet Kaur, B.N. Sharma, Navneet Nishan, Gurpreet Guggi, Anjum Batra, Ranjan Sehgal A Punjabi man attempts to build a life in London in hopes of impressing his girlfriend\u2019s mother, who insists her daughter marry a man outside of India. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Qismat","tags":" Jagdeep Sidhu Ammy Virk, Sargun Mehta, Guggu Gill, Tania, Harby Sangha, Hardeep Gill, Sukhdev Barnala, Satwant Kaur, Baljinder Kaur, Jashanjeet Gosha A young villager moves to Chandigarh and falls for his bubbly neighbor, but their love story is affected by several heartbreaking twists of fate. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Tee Shot: Ariya Jutanugarn","tags":" Tanawat Aiemjinda Krissiri Sukhsvasti, Atchareeya Potipipittanakorn, Thaneth Warakulnukroh, Hattaya Wongkrachang, Somlek Sakdikul, Marinda Halpin, Gulsara Panyam, Kongkid Visessiri This biopic follows pro golfer Ariya Jutanugarn's journey to the LPGA tour, from child prodigy to her number-one ranking in the world. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Thug Life","tags":" Mukesh Vohra Harish Verma, Jass Bajwa, Rajiv Thakur, Ihana Dhillon, Yograj Singh, Karamjit Anmol, Anita Devgan, Vrajesh Hirjee, Rana Jung Bahadur, Hobby Dhaliwal A get-rich-quick scheme goes awry when a group of friends stumbles onto a dangerous conspiracy and wind up getting mistaken for the bad guys. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Wandering Stars","tags":" Syrine Boulanouar, Nekfeu Nekfeu Navigating creative pressures and personal upsets, French rapper\u00a0Nekfeu sets out on a global quest for musical inspiration in this documentary. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Why Me?","tags":" Tudor Giurgiu Emilian Oprea, Mihai Constantin, Andreea Vasile, Dan Condurache, Liviu Pintileasa, Mihai Smarandache, Alin Florea, Lucretia Mandric A young prosecutor is assigned a career-making case involving a colleague but soon starts to question the motivations behind the charges. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Chocolate","tags":"  Ha Ji-won, Yoon Kye-sang, Jang Seung-jo, Kang Bu-ja, Lee Jae-ryong, Min Jin-woong, Kim Won-hae, Yoo Teo Brought together by meaningful meals in the past and present, a doctor and a chef are reacquainted when they begin working at a hospice ward. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Guatemala: Heart of the Mayan World","tags":" Luis Ara, Ignacio Jaunsolo Christian Morales From Sierra de las Minas to Esquipulas, explore Guatemala's cultural and geological wealth, including ancient Mayan cities and other natural wonders. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Zoya Factor","tags":" Abhishek Sharma Sonam Kapoor, Dulquer Salmaan, Sanjay Kapoor, Sikander Kher, Angad Bedi, Koel Purie, Pooja Bhamrah, Manu Rishi Chadha A goofy copywriter unwittingly convinces the Indian cricket team that she\u2019s their lucky mascot, to the dismay of their superstition-shunning captain. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Atlantics","tags":" Mati Diop Mama Sane, Amadou Mbow, Ibrahima Traore, Nicole Sougou, Amina Kane, Mariama Gassama, Coumba Dieng, Ibrahima Mbaye, Diankou Sembene Arranged to marry a rich man, young Ada is crushed when her true love goes missing at sea during a migration attempt \u2013 until a miracle reunites them. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Chip and Potato","tags":"  Abigail Oliver, Andrea Libman, Briana Buckmaster, Brian Dobson, Chance Hurstfield, Dominic Good, Emma Jayne Maas, Evan Byarushengo, Scotia Anderson, Alessandro Juliani Lovable pug Chip starts kindergarten, makes new friends and tries new things \u2013 with a little help from Potato, her secret mouse pal. familyfamily"},{"title":"Crazy people","tags":" Moses Inwang Ramsey Nouah, Chigul, Sola Sobowale, Ireti Doyle, Ben Touitou, Francis Onwochei, Ememobong Nkana, Emem Inwang, Patrick Onyeke Nollywood star Ramsey Nouah learns that someone is impersonating him and breaks out of a mental institution to expose the imposter. comedy,foregin,suspensecomedy,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"I Lost My Body","tags":" J\u00e9r\u00e9my Clapin Hakim Faris, Victoire Du Bois, Patrick d'Assum\u00e7ao, Dev Patel, Alia Shawkat, George Wendt Romance, mystery and adventure intertwine as a young man falls in love and a severed hand scours Paris for its owner in this mesmerizing animated film. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Kalushi: The Story of Solomon Mahlangu","tags":" Mandla Dube Thabo Rametsi, Thabo Malema, Welile Nzuza, Jafta Mamabolo, Louw Venter, Pearl Thusi The life and times of iconic South African liberation fighter Solomon Mahlangu, who battled the forces of apartheid, come into focus. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"La Reina del Sur","tags":"  Kate del Castillo, Cristina Urgel, Alberto Jim\u00e9nez, Juan Jos\u00e9 Arjona, Humberto Zurita, Dagoberto Gama, Christian Tapp\u00e1n, Miguel de Miguel, Salvador Zerboni, Carmen Navarro, Santiago Mel\u00e9ndez, Juan Carlos Solarte This compelling show tells the story of the legendary Teresa Mendoza, a courageous woman who is perceived as conquering the world of drug trafficking. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Payday","tags":" Cheta Chukwu Baaj Adebule, Ebiye Victor, Meg Otanwa, Bisola Aiyeola, Mawuli Gavor, Zack Orji, Segilola Ogidan After an expensive night out, two flatmates get tangled in an overnight misadventure to recover their rent money to pay their dead landlord's daughter. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Accidental Spy","tags":" Roger Russell Ramsey Nouah, Christine Allado, Ayo Makun, Emmanuel Edunjobi, Thenjiwe Moseley, Miguel A. N\u00fa\u00f1ez Jr., Bucci Franklin Nursing a broken heart, an IT specialist moves to London to audition for a reality TV show that unexpectedly turns into a real-life cartel drama. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Island","tags":" Toka McBaror Sambasa Nzeribe, Segun Arinze, Tokunbo Idowu, Femi Adebayo When a colonel uncovers controversial intel about the government, he makes a shocking discovery and must decide whether to reveal it or risk his life. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Holiday Rush","tags":" Leslie Small Romany Malco, Sonequa Martin-Green, Darlene Love, Deon Cole, La La Anthony, Deysha Nelson, Amarr M. Wooten, Selena-Marie Alphonse, Andrea-Marie Alphonse A widowed radio DJ and his four spoiled kids need to tighten their belts and pull together when their life of luxury turns lean just before Christmas. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Levius","tags":"  Nobunaga Shimazaki, Junichi Suwabe, Takahiro Sakurai, Ayane Sakura, Hochu Otsuka, Daisuke Ono, Saori Hayami, Mamoru Miyano Young Levius rises through the ranks in the brutal world of metal boxing under his uncle's guidance. Forces outside the ring have their eye on him. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Lugar de Mulher","tags":"   Four comedians from Brazil riff on sexuality, politics, religion and motherhood \u2013 and set out to prove a woman's place is anywhere she wants it to be. foregin,comedy,comedyforegin,comedy,comedy"},{"title":"Merry Happy Whatever","tags":"  Dennis Quaid, Bridgit Mendler, Brent Morin, Ashley Tisdale, Siobhan Murphy, Adam Rose, Elizabeth Ho, Hayes MacArthur, Garcelle Beauvais, Tyler Ritter, Mason Davis, Lucas Jaye A struggling LA musician tries to win over his new girlfriend's gruff dad and quirky, tight-knit siblings on a 10-day Christmas visit to Philadelphia. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mythomaniac","tags":"  Marina Hands, Mathieu Demy, Marie Drion, J\u00e9r\u00e9my Gillet, Z\u00e9lie Rhixon, Yves Jacques, Jean-Charles Clichet, Julia Faure, Andrea Roncato, Linh Dan Pham Burned out and taken for granted, a working mom suspects her partner is cheating, so to win back his attentions, she feigns a medical diagnosis. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Defiance","tags":" Edward Zwick Daniel Craig, Liev Schreiber, Jamie Bell, Alexa Davalos, Allan Corduner, Mark Feuerstein, Tomas Arana, Jodhi May, Kate Fahy, Iddo Goldberg, George MacKay, Iben Hjejle, Martin Hancock, Jacek Koman, Ravil Isyanov In this action-packed drama based on an extraordinary true story, four brothers protect more than 1,000 Jewish refugees during World War II. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Evvarikee Cheppoddu","tags":" Basava Shankar Eeday Rakesh Varre, Gargeyi, Vamsi raj Nekkanti, D P Ghani, K Prasanna When caste differences throw a wrench into their otherwise blossoming relationship, a couple must somehow convince the girl\u2019s father to let them marry. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Body Remembers When the World Broke Open","tags":" Elle-M\u00e1ij\u00e1 Tailfeathers, Kathleen Hepburn Violet Nelson, Elle-M\u00e1ij\u00e1 Tailfeathers, Charlie Hannah, Barbara Eve Harris, Sonny Surowiec, Jay Cardinal Villeneuve, Tony Massil, Aidan Dee, James Angus Cowan, Anthony Bolognese After a traumatic event, two Indigenous women in Vancouver are brought together and form a deep bond despite leading different lives. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Irishman","tags":" Martin Scorsese Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, Joe Pesci, Harvey Keitel, Ray Romano, Bobby Cannavale, Anna Paquin, Stephen Graham, Stephanie Kurtzuba, Kathrine Narducci, Welker White, Jesse Plemons, Jack Huston, Domenick Lombardozzi, Louis Cancelmi, Paul Herman, Gary Basaraba, Marin Ireland, Sebastian Maniscalco, Steven Van Zandt Hit man Frank Sheeran looks back at the secrets he kept as a loyal member of the Bufalino crime family in this acclaimed film from Martin Scorsese. dramadrama"},{"title":"Mike Birbiglia: The New One","tags":" Seth Barrish Mike Birbiglia Comedian Mike Birbiglia hits Broadway with a hilarious yet profound one-man show that recounts his emotional and physical journey to parenthood. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Super Monsters Save Christmas","tags":" Steve Ball Elyse Maloway, Vincent Tong, Erin Mathews, Andrea Libman, Alessandro Juliani, Nicole Anthony, Diana Kaarina, Ian James Corlett, Britt McKillip, Kathleen Barr, Gigi Saul Guerrero, Brian Drummond It's Christmas Eve in Pitchfork Pines, and the Super Monsters are joining forces to deck the halls, find Santa's missing reindeer and save the holiday! familyfamily"},{"title":"The Crime","tags":"  Magdalena Boczarska, Wojciech Zieli\u0144ski, Joanna Kulig, Rados\u0142aw Pazura, Magdalena Zawadzka, Dorota Kolak, Zdzislaw Wardejn, Ma\u0142gorzata Ro\u017cniatowska, Aleksandra Pop\u0142awska, Lukasz Nowicki, Tamara Arciuch, Rafa\u0142 Cieszy\u0144ski, Karolina Kominek The peaceful lives of the residents inhabiting a breathtaking seaside town are shaken following a series of macabre crimes. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Zona Rosa","tags":"  Manu NNa, Ana Julia Yey\u00e9, Ray Contreras, Pablo Mor\u00e1n An assortment of talent takes the stage for a night of honest stand-up featuring four of Mexico's funniest LGBTQ comedians. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Pranaam","tags":" Sanjiv Jaiswal Rajeev Khandelwal, Samiksha Singh, S.M. Zaheer, Vikram Gokhale, Meenakshi Sethi, Atul Kulkarni, Abhimanyu Singh, Aniruddha Dave Aspiring to fulfill his father\u2019s dream and become a civil services officer, a young man loses his way upon becoming entangled with a criminal lynchpin. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"What the F* Is Going On?","tags":" Marta Jaenes, Rosa M\u00e1rquez  Featuring extensive interviews, this documentary takes a critical look at the gender inequality in Spain as the feminist movement aims to shift reality. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Shot Caller","tags":" Ric Roman Waugh Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Omari Hardwick, Lake Bell, Jon Bernthal, Emory Cohen, Jeffrey Donovan, Evan Jones, Benjamin Bratt, Holt McCallany Trying to go straight, a once-successful businessman fresh out of prison is forced to orchestrate a brazen crime or risk his family. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Once Upon A Time In Lingjian Mountain","tags":"  Xu Kai, Sandrine Pinna, Ryan Zhu, Gao Yuer, Cristy Guo, He Wenjun, Zheng Yawen, Li Junhao, Roger Kwok, James Wen As the nine continents face a crisis, a young disciple joins the Spirit Blade sect and comes under the tutelage of a temperamental sage. foregin,comedy,fantasyforegin,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Brother","tags":" Julien Abraham MHD, Darren Muselet, A\u00efssa Ma\u00efga, Jalil Lespert, Youssouf Gueye, Hiam Abbass, Lisette Malidor Thrust from a violent home into a brutal custody center, a teenager learns to navigate a tough new reality and forge unlikely alliances to survive. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Dolly Parton's Heartstrings","tags":"  Dolly Parton, Julianne Hough, Kimberly Williams-Paisley, Dallas Roberts, Melissa Leo, Andy Mientus, Katie Stevens, Michael J. Willett, Aidan Langford, Ray McKinnon, Delta Burke, Gerald McRaney, Ben Lawson, Brooke Elliott, Michele Weaver, Tim Reid, Sarah Shahi, Rochelle Aytes, Jessica Collins, Tammy Lynn Michaels, Robert Taylor, Holly Taylor, Shane Paul McGhie, Mary Lane Haskell, Camryn Manheim, Bellamy Young, Patricia Wettig, Timothy Busfield, Tom Brittney, Virginia Gardner, Colin O'Donoghue, Willa Fitzgerald, David Denman, Vanessa Rubio, Mac Davis, Kathleen Turner, Ginnifer Goodwin, Kyle Bornheimer, Tyler Crumley, Mary Donnelly Haskell, Ed Amatrudo Eight stories celebrating family, faith, love and forgiveness come to life in this series inspired by Dolly Parton's iconic country music catalog. dramadrama"},{"title":"Girls und Panzer der Film","tags":" Tsutomu Mizushima Mai Fuchigami, Ai Kayano, Mami Ozaki, Ikumi Nakagami, Yuka Iguchi, Misato Fukuen, Mikako Takahashi, Kana Ueda, Mika Kikuchi, Maya Yoshioka The girls of \u014carai High must face off against a formidable university team in a fierce tank battle to once again avoid closure of their school. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Mike Birbiglia: What I Should Have Said Was Nothing: Tales from My Secret Public Journal","tags":"  Mike Birbiglia Mike Birbiglia performs in this live concert special that features a riotous selection of the unique insights and observations culled from his diary. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Nailed It! Holiday!","tags":"  Nicole Byer, Jacques Torres It's the \"Nailed It!\" holiday special you've been waiting for, with missing ingredients, impossible asks and desserts that look delightfully sad. showshow"},{"title":"Narcoworld: Dope Stories","tags":"   Ride along as police officers and drug smugglers go toe-to-toe, trying to outwit each other in locales around the world. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Nobody's Looking","tags":"  Victor Lamoglia, J\u00falia Rabello, K\u00e9fera Buchmann, Augusto Madeira, Danilo de Moura, Leandro Ramos, Telma Souza, Priscila Sol, Wallie Ruy, Maur\u00edcio de Barros, Herm\u00ednio Ribeiro A new guardian \"angelus\" uncovers a secret behind the Angelus System's bureaucracy that leads him to break its official rules about protecting humans. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Shelby American","tags":" Nate Adams, Adam Carolla Carroll Shelby Featuring interviews and vintage footage, this documentary traces American icon Carroll Shelby's life of reinvention from farmer to racer to entrepreneur. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Singapore Social","tags":"  Nicole Ong, Mae Tan, Sukki Singapora, Vinny Sharp, Paul Foster, Tabitha Nauser Peer into the lives of young Singaporeans as they defy expectations and traverse the tricky terrain of career, romance and family. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The Dragon Prince","tags":"  Jack De Sena, Paula Burrows, Sasha Rojen, Jason Simpson, Racquel Belmonte, Jesse Inocalla, Luc Roderique, Jonathan Holmes, Adrian Petriw An extraordinary discovery inspires two human princes and an elven assassin to team up on an epic quest to bring peace to their warring lands. family,action,fantasyfamily,action,fantasy"},{"title":"Trolls: The Beat Goes On!","tags":"  Amanda Leighton, Skylar Astin, Ron Funches, David Fynn, David Koechner, David Kaye, Sean T. Krishnan, Sam Lerner, Patrick Pinney, Kevin Michael Richardson, Kari Wahlgren, Fryda Wolff As Queen Poppy welcomes a new time of peace in Troll Village with parties, sports and holiday celebrations, Branch tries to be more fun-loving. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Knight Before Christmas","tags":" Monika Mitchell Vanessa Hudgens, Josh Whitehouse, Emmanuelle Chriqui, Harry Jarvis, Mimi Gianopulos, Ella Kenion, Jean-Michel Le Gal, Arnold Pinnock Medieval magic sends a 14th-century knight to modern-day Ohio, where he falls for a high school science teacher who's disillusioned by love. family,comedy,romancefamily,comedy,romance"},{"title":"Bangkok Buddies","tags":"  Vayu Kessuvit, Ekapol Deebunmee, Nuttapong Boonyuen, Thanadol Auepongs, Martin Sidel, Nichaphat Chatchaipholrat, Narupornkamol Chaisang, Jidapa Siribunchawan, Hortnarong Teng, Everest Moe, Le Trung Hieu Living under the same roof, a group of unabashed friends wrestle with everyday issues from financial woes and shared quarters to romantic misfires. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Bikram: Yogi, Guru, Predator","tags":" Eva Orner Bikram Choudhury This documentary charts the rise and fall of hot yoga founder Bikram Choudhury as his global empire is born and disturbing revelations come to light. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Dorasaani","tags":" KVR Mahendra Anand Deverakonda, Shivatmika Rajasekhar, Kannada Kishore A village landlord's daughter and an educated commoner must decide if their budding forbidden love is worth resisting a repressive social hierarchy. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Holiday Secrets","tags":"  Corinna Harfouch, Christiane Paul, Svenja Jung, Leonie Benesch, Anita Vulesica, Barbara N\u00fcsse, Hans-Uwe Bauer, Lorna zu Solms, Tilda Jenkins, Emilie Neumeister, Golo Euler, Dennis Herrmann, Maik Solbach, Merlin Rose A Christmas reunion becomes a gateway to the past in this three-part series that explores the intimate complexities of one family's history. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Lorena, Light-Footed Woman","tags":" Juan Carlos Rulfo Lorena Ram\u00edrez Lorena Ram\u00edrez of Mexico's Rar\u00e1muri community lives a pastoral life \u2013 except when she straps on her sandals to compete as an ultramarathon runner. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Mallesham","tags":" Raj R Jhansi, Priyadarshi Pullikonda, Ananya Nagalla A self-trained engineer risks debt, love and reputation in his quest to improve the grueling work conditions of his mother and her weaving community. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Who Killed Little Gregory?","tags":"   When their 4-year-old son is murdered, a young couple fights a twisting and arduous battle trying to identify a frustratingly elusive killer. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Iliza Shlesinger: Unveiled","tags":" Steve Paley Iliza Shlesinger Here comes the bride, and she's got plenty to say. Newlywed Iliza Shlesinger dissects wedding traditions as she mines her nuptials for laughs. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Candy Online","tags":"  Ruby Zhan, Suun Lin, Sunnie Wang, Dean Tang, Lain Lu, Cheng Ko, Jacqueline Zhu, Chen Wen-shan, Ada Pan When a wardrobe malfunction goes viral, a bubbly live streamer struggles to navigate her classmates' cruel judgment and the small town she lives in. foregin,drama,showforegin,drama,show"},{"title":"Iron Sky: The Coming Race","tags":" Timo Vuorensola  Decades after a nuclear war, survivors on the moon revisit Earth to locate a potential power source \u2013 and find shape-shifting reptiles instead. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Jeff Dunham: All Over the Map","tags":" Robb Dipple Jeff Dunham America's most beloved ventriloquist hits the road, bringing along all of his most popular pals, including Achmed, Peanut and Walter. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Suffragette","tags":" Sarah Gavron Carey Mulligan, Helena Bonham Carter, Brendan Gleeson, Anne-Marie Duff, Ben Whishaw, Romola Garai, Meryl Streep, Finbar Lynch, Natalie Press, Samuel West, Geoff Bell, Amanda Lawrence, Shelley Longworth At the beginning of the 20th century, circumstances drive a young, idealistic suffragette to find radical approaches to fighting male oppression. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Green Inferno","tags":" Eli Roth Ignacia Allamand, Daryl Sabara, Nicol\u00e1s Mart\u00ednez, Lorenza Izzo, Ariel Levy, Magda Apanowicz, Sky Ferreira, Kirby Bliss Blanton, Aaron Burns, Ram\u00f3n Llao, Richard Burgi Determined to save an Amazon tribe being squeezed by logging, a group of students finds nothing but trouble when their plane crashes in the jungle. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"At the Dolphin Bay","tags":"  Angela Chang, Ambrose Hui, Wallace Huo, Jill Hsu, Lin Wei Jun, Josie Leung, Mountain Kao, Liang Hsiu-shen Encountering each other after a long separation, two childhood friends from orphanage must overcome great odds to fulfill an old promise and find love. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Earthquake Bird","tags":" Wash Westmoreland Alicia Vikander, Riley Keough, Naoki Kobayashi, Jack Huston, Kiki Sukezane, Yoshiko Sakuma, Ken Yamamura, Kazuhiro Muroyama, Akiko Iwase, Crystal Kay In 1980s Tokyo, an enigmatic expat is suspected of killing her friend, who's gone missing in the wake of their love triangle with a local photographer. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"El sendero de la anaconda","tags":" Alessandro Angulo Wade Davis, Martin von Hildebrand In the most remote areas of the Amazon jungle, a writer and his anthropologist friend meet communities who have resisted change for centuries. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"GO! The Unforgettable Party","tags":" Mauro Scandolari Pilar Pascual, Jos\u00e9 Gimenez Zapiola, Renata Toscano, Santiago Saez, Carmela Barsamian, Paulo S\u00e1nchez Lima, Daniel Rosado, Laura Azcurra, Gast\u00f3n Ricaud, Florencia Ben\u00edtez, Majo Cardozo M\u00eda's vacation with her dad is disrupted by the surprise arrival of Lupe, Mercedes, Juanma and \u00c1lvaro as their school drama moves lakeside. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Guna 369","tags":" Arjun Jandyala Adithya Menon, Kartikeya Gummakonda, Anagha LK A pampered but kind-hearted average joe ditches his romancing and peacekeeping ways when he\u2019s framed for a murder he didn\u2019t commit. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"House Arrest","tags":" Shashanka Ghosh, Samit Basu Ali Fazal, Shriya Pilgaonkar, Jim Sarbh, Barkha Singh, Badrul Islam, Sunil Kumar A world-weary man\u2019s self-imposed home confinement becomes a comedy of errors with the simultaneous arrivals of a peculiar package and a curious journalist. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"I'm with the Band: Nasty Cherry","tags":"  Charli XCX, Emmie Lichtenberg, Gabbriette Bechtel, Chloe Chaidez, Deborah Knox- Hewson, Georgia Somary In an unfiltered, intimate docuseries, pop star mentor Charli XCX finds out what it takes to build \u2013 and break \u2013 a real, badass all-girl punk band. showshow"},{"title":"Inheritors","tags":"  Lee Min-ho, Park Shin-hye, Kim Woo-bin, Krystal Jung, Kim Ji-won, Choi Jin-hyuk, Kang Ha-neul, Kim Sung-ryoung, Kim Mee-kyeong, Yoon Jin-seo After a chance encounter in LA, two teens from different social backgrounds reunite at an exclusive high school attended by Korea\u2019s \u00fcber rich. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"K-On!","tags":"  Aki Toyosaki, Ayana Taketatsu, Chika Fujito, Madoka Yonezawa, Minako Kotobuki, Satomi Sato, Yoko Hikasa When they're not gorging themselves on sugary snacks, four aspiring high school musicians crank out catchy tunes as members of the Light Music Club. anime,showanime,show"},{"title":"K-on! the movie","tags":" Naoko Yamada Aki Toyosaki, Yoko Hikasa, Satomi Sato, Minako Kotobuki, Ayana Taketatsu, Asami Sanada, Madoka Yonezawa, Chika Fujito, Yoriko Nagata The seniors in Sakuragaoka High School's music club live out the graduation trip of their dreams when they celebrate by performing in London. anime,musicanime,music"},{"title":"Klaus","tags":" Sergio Pablos Jason Schwartzman, J.K. Simmons, Rashida Jones, Will Sasso, Neda Margrethe Labba, Sergio Pablos, Norm Macdonald, Joan Cusack A selfish postman and a reclusive toymaker form an unlikely friendship, delivering joy to a cold, dark town that desperately needs it. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"La Robe De Mariee Des Cieux","tags":"  Cyndi Wang, Leon Jay Williams, Chu Chung-heng, Michael Tao, Ming Dao, Jacky Chu, Ehlo Huang, Terri Kwan After a chance encounter that ends on bad terms, two clashing strangers soon cross paths again as their fates become inevitably intertwined. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Llama Llama","tags":"  Jennifer Garner, Shayle Simons, Vania Gill, Islie Hirvonen, Brendon Sunderland, Austin Abell, Evans Johnson, Kathleen Barr, David Hoole Beloved children's book character Llama Llama springs to life in this heartwarming series about family, friendship and learning new things. familyfamily"},{"title":"My MVP Valentine","tags":"  Angela Chang, Tony Sun, Johnny Yan, Margaret Lin, David Chen, Sam Wang, Zax Wang, Jason Hsu, Joe Chen An unfortunate accident alters the life of a high school basketball prodigy, who abandons his beloved sport and becomes entangled in a love triangle. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"My Sassy Girl","tags":"  Joo Won, Oh Yeon-seo, Lee Jung-shin, Kim Yoon-hye, Sohn Chang-min, Yoon Se-a, Cho Hee-bong, Jung Woong-in, Lee Kyung-hwa A refined young Joseon scholar's life turns upside down after he rescues a drunk princess who later accuses him of taking something precious from her. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"SunGanges","tags":" Valli Bindana Naseeruddin Shah A trio of filmmakers treks across India to explore the correlation between vanishing rivers, massive energy projects and renewable energy sources. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Club","tags":"  Alejandro Speitzer, Minnie West, Jorge Caballero, Ana Gonz\u00e1lez Bello, Axel Arenas, Arcelia Ram\u00edrez, Omar Germenos, Anna Ciocchetti, Aurora Gil, Martha Julia, Alejandro Puente, Estrella Sol\u00eds, Mart\u00edn Saracho, Sof\u00eda de Llaca, Marco Tostado A band of misfit rich kids in Mexico strike out on their own selling MDMA and quickly run into trouble with other narcos, the law and their families. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Garden of Words","tags":" Makoto Shinkai Miyu Irino, Kana Hanazawa, Fumi Hirano, Takeshi Maeda, Yuka Terasaki, Takanori Hoshino, Suguru Inoue, Megumi Han, Mikako Komatsu, Yuki Hayashi When a lonely teenager skips his morning classes to sit in a lovely garden, he meets a mysterious older woman who shares his feelings of alienation. anime,foregin,romanceanime,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Stranded","tags":"  Papangkorn Lerkchaleampote, Chayanit Chansangavej, Chutavuth Pattarakampol, Kittisak Patomburana, Sinjai Plengpanich, Oabnithi Wiwattanawarang, Ticha Wongthipkanont, Chaleeda Gilbert, Chanya McClory Trapped on an island destroyed by a tsunami, the students of an elite school try to hold on to hope. But mysterious forces seem to work against them. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"The Toys That Made Us","tags":"   The minds behind history's most iconic toy franchises discuss the rise \u2013 and sometimes fall \u2013 of their billion-dollar creations. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"The Yard","tags":"  Demet Evgar, Ceren Moray, Nursel K\u00f6se, Kenan Ece, Teoman Kumbarac\u0131ba\u015f\u0131, \u00c7a\u011fda\u015f Onur \u00d6zt\u00fcrk, Deniz Barut, Onuryay Evrentan, G\u00f6rkem Merts\u00f6z, Mert Tan\u0131k, Ay\u00e7a Damgac\u0131 After a fateful domestic clash, a devoted mother finds herself in prison and fighting to survive in hopes of reuniting with her daughter. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Fadily Camara : La plus dr\u00f4le de tes copines","tags":" Gautier & Leduc Fadily Camara Irrepressible French comedian Fadily Camara weaves jokes, vivid characters and physical comedy into a lively stand-up show at La Cigale in Paris. comedycomedy"},{"title":"My Dear Warrior","tags":"  Leo Putt, Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul, Suthada Jongjaiphar, Chatra Baude, Claudia Chakrapan, Oabnithi Wiwattanawarang, Varatta Vajrathon, Varot Makaduangkeo, Supasit Chinvinijkul Love leaps off the page when an astronomer magically meets her comic book hero in the flesh, but learns that his fictional problems are very real. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Maradona in Mexico","tags":"  Diego Armando Maradona In this docuseries, soccer great Diego Maradona comes to Culiac\u00e1n, the heart of the Sinaloa Cartel, to save the local team, the Dorados, and maybe himself, too. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Chief of Staff","tags":"  Lee Jung-jae, Shin Mina, Lee Elijah, Kim Dong-jun, Jung Jin-young, Kim Kap-soo, Jung Woong-in, Im Won-hee, Kim Hong-pa As a chief of staff in the National Assembly, Jang Tae-jun influences power behind the scenes while pursuing his own ambitions to rise to the top. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Jeff Garlin: Our Man In Chicago","tags":" Christopher Storer Jeff Garlin Comedian Jeff Garlin (unintentionally) celebrates his 37th year of stand-up and shares his learnings on love, loss, success and food addiction. comedycomedy"},{"title":"A Single Man","tags":" Tom Ford Colin Firth, Julianne Moore, Nicholas Hoult, Ginnifer Goodwin, Matthew Goode, Paul Butler, Ryan Simpkins, Teddy Sears, Paulette Lamori, Jon Kortajarena This stream-of-consciousness drama centers on a day in the life of a gay college professor who's reeling from his longtime lover's recent death. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Put Your Head on My Shoulder","tags":"  Fair Xing, Lin Yi, Daddi Tang, Yi Sha, Zhou Zixin, Zheng Yingchen, Cai Gang, Liang Aiqi, Rong Rong, He Qiang On the cusp of graduation, an accounting major searching for her career winds up living with a genius physics student who shakes up her daily routine. foregin,romance,showforegin,romance,show"},{"title":"To Be of Service","tags":" Josh Aronson  Traumatized by combat, newly returned war veterans find solace in service dogs that guide them back to a fulfilling civilian life. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Little Things","tags":"  Dhruv Sehgal, Mithila Palkar A cohabiting couple in their 20s navigate the ups and downs of work, modern-day relationships and finding themselves in contemporary Mumbai. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Greatest Events of WWII in Colour","tags":"   From the attack on Pearl Harbor to D-Day, the most pivotal events of World War II come to life in this vivid docuseries featuring colorized footage. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Green Eggs and Ham","tags":"  Michael Douglas, Adam Devine, Keegan-Michael Key, Eddie Izzard, Jillian Bell, Ilana Glazer, Diane Keaton, Jeffrey Wright, John Turturro, Tracy Morgan, Daveed Diggs On a road trip to save an endangered animal, polar opposites Guy and Sam learn to try new things like friendship \u2013 and a certain delectable dish. family,action,comedyfamily,action,comedy"},{"title":"Let It Snow","tags":" Luke Snellin Isabela Moner, Shameik Moore, Kiernan Shipka, Odeya Rush, Liv Hewson, Mitchell Hope, Jacob Batalon, Joan Cusack, Matthew Noszka, Anna Akana, Miles Robbins, D'Arcy Carden, Mason Gooding, Andrea De Oliveira, Victor Rivers A snowstorm hits a small town on a cold Christmas Eve, affecting the friendships, love lives and futures of several high school seniors. comedy,drama,lgbtcomedy,drama,lgbt"},{"title":"Paradise Beach","tags":" Xavier Durringer Sami Bouajila, Tewfik Jallab, M\u00e9lanie Doutey, Hugo Becker, Kool Shen, Hubert Kound\u00e9, Seth Gueko, Sonia Couling, Chalad Na Songkhla, Flore Bonaventura, Nessbeal, Dorian N'Goumou dit Dosseh, Hache-P Mehdi gets out of prison, planning to settle old scores. But first, he must reconnect with his gang, now living in an idyllic beach resort in Thailand. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Wild District","tags":"  Juan Pablo Raba, Cristina Uma\u00f1a, Camila Sodi, Christian Tapp\u00e1n, Juan Fernando S\u00e1nchez, Juan Sebasti\u00e1n Calero, Paula Casta\u00f1o, Nicol\u00e1s Quiroga, Alina Lozano, Carolina Acevedo, Julio C\u00e9sar Pach\u00f3n, Roberto Cano After surrendering to Bogot\u00e1 police, an ex-guerrilla avoids prison by working undercover to investigate a ruthless enforcer of government corruption. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"U Turn","tags":" Pawan Kumar Roger Narayan, Shraddha Srinath, Dileep Raj, Krishna Hebbale, Ram Manjjonaath, Chethan Dsouza A reporter must hunt for the truth behind a strange murder after she crosses paths with a young cop and becomes the investigation's prime suspect. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Burning Cane","tags":" Phillip Youmans Wendell Pierce, Karen Kaia Livers, Dominique McClellan, Braelyn Kelly, Emyri Crutchfield, Cynthia Capers, Erika Woods A small-town Louisiana minister and one of his parishioners cope with grief, alcoholism and a crisis of faith in this dramatic character study. dramadrama"},{"title":"SCAMS","tags":"  Yosuke Sugino, Tomoya Maeno, Maika Yamamoto, Junki Tozuka, Shodai Fukuyama, Ron Mizuma, Takuya Wakabayashi, Asuka Hanamura, Shuntaro Yanagi, Takashi Yamanaka, Masato Wada, Naomi Nishida, Tetta Sugimoto, Ryohei Otani Hit hard by the Lehman shock, a well-meaning young man joins a phone scam operation and gets increasingly embroiled in the underworld. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Shadow","tags":" Zhang Yimou Deng Chao, Sun Li, Ryan Cheng, Wang Qianyuan, Hu Jun, Wang Jingchun, Guan Xiaotong, Leo Wu As three kingdoms struggle for control of a walled city, a figure with a rare power spins a web of intrigue that entangles a king's court. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Luccas Neto in: Summer Camp","tags":" Lucas Margutti Luccas Neto, Gi Alparone, J\u00e9ssica Diehl, Roni Fischer, Karol Alves, Jo\u00e3o Pessanha Luccas and Gi are heading to a world famous gymkhana camp. Only problem: so are their bullies... A fun musical that will get you in a vacation mood. family,comedy,musicfamily,comedy,music"},{"title":"Sam & Cat","tags":"  Jennette McCurdy, Ariana Grande, Cameron Ocasio, Brandon Weaver, Zoran Korach, Dre Swain, Maree Cheatham, Eduardo Drummond, Alondra Hidalgo To earn cash, roommates Sam and Cat start a baby-sitting service \u2013 and quickly discover just what an adventure baby-sitting can be. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Seth Meyers: Lobby Baby","tags":" Neal Brennan Seth Meyers SNL alumnus and subversive master of late-night TV Seth Meyers comes out from behind the desk to share some lighthearted stories from his own life. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The End of the F***ing World","tags":"  Jessica Barden, Alex Lawther, Steve Oram, Christine Bottomley, Navin Chowdhry, Wunmi Mosaku, Gemma Whelan, Jonathan Aris, Eileen Davies A budding teen psychopath and a rebel hungry for adventure embark on a star-crossed road trip in this darkly comic series based on a graphic novel. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"The Lovers","tags":" Azazel Jacobs Aidan Gillen, Melora Walters, Tyler Ross, Jessica Sula, Lesley Fera, Tracy Letts, Debra Winger On the verge of divorce, a middle-aged couple, each involved in a serious affair, rethink their marriage and the meaning of love and fidelity. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Tune in for Love","tags":" Jung Ji-woo Kim Go-eun, Jung Hae-in, Park Hae-joon, Kim Guk-hee, Jung Eugene, Choi Jun-young, Yoo Yeol, Nam Mun-cheol A student and a reticent teen first meet at a bakery in the 1990s and try to find each other through the years, as fate keeps pulling them apart. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Undercover Brother 2","tags":" Leslie Small Michael Jai White, Vince Swann, Barry Bostwick, Laila Odom, Gary Owen, Affion Crockett, Steven Lee Johnson, Lindsay Lamb, Zac Zedalis, Cj Sykes When a beloved secret agent falls deep into a coma, his bumbling brother must defend their community from a divisive political threat. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Meet the Adebanjos","tags":"  Wale Ojo, Yetunde Oduwole, Andrea Aboagye, Daniel Davids, Moji Bamtefa, Jordan Coulson In South London, tradition clashes with culture as a Nigerian father tries to instill his old-fashioned African values into his modern British family. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Minimalism: A Documentary About the Important Things","tags":" Matt D'Avella Joshua Fields Millburn, Ryan Nicodemus People dedicated to rejecting the American ideal that things bring happiness are interviewed in this documentary showing the virtues of less is more. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Oththa Seruppu Size 7","tags":" Parthiban Parthiban Taken into custody, a murder suspect's theatrical explanations of his peculiar modus operandi unearth truths far beyond the crime he\u2019s accused of. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Devil Next Door","tags":"   A Cleveland grandfather is brought to trial in Israel, accused of being the infamous Nazi death camp guard known as Ivan the Terrible. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"A Fairly Odd Summer","tags":" Savage Steve Holland Drake Bell, Daniella Monet, David Lewis, Susanne Blakeslee, Daran Norris, Scott Baio, Devon Weigel, Ella Anderson, Carter Hastings In this live-action adventure, the gang heads to Hawaii, where Timmy learns the source of all fairy magic is in dangerous hands. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Bella and the Bulldogs","tags":"  Brec Bassinger, Coy Stewart, Jackie Radinsky, Buddy Handleson, Lilimar, Haley Tju, Dorien Wilson, Rio Mangini, Annie Tedesco The life of cheerleader Bella Dawson turns upside down when, in a twist of fate, she becomes quarterback for her middle school's football team. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Big Time Movie","tags":" Savage Steve Holland Kendall Schmidt, James Maslow, Carlos PenaVega, Logan Henderson, Ciara Bravo, Challen Cates, Tanya Chisholm, Stephen Kramer Glickman, Trevor Devall, Christopher Shyer Big Time Rush heads to London for their first world tour, but when the boys' bags are switched, they get mixed up in a mission to save the world. family,comedy,musicfamily,comedy,music"},{"title":"Escape from Mr. Lemoncello\u2019s Library","tags":" Scott McAboy Casey Simpson, Breanna Yde, Klarke Pipkin, Angel Luis Rivera Jr., Russell Roberts, Ty Consiglio, Hayley Scherpenisse, Patti Allan, Katey Hoffman An eccentric game designer builds a library full of traps and tricks for a group of kids who score the chance to navigate his elaborate scavenger hunt. familyfamily"},{"title":"Hey Arnold! The Jungle Movie","tags":" Raymie Muzquiz, Stu Livingston Mason Vale Cotton, Benjamin Flores Jr., Francesca Smith, Alfred Molina, Dan Castellaneta, Tress MacNeille, Craig Bartlett, Carlos Alazraqui When Arnold and his crew win a trip to San Lorenzo, their adventure in the wild forces them to take the same risky path as Arnold's missing parents. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Jinxed","tags":" Stephen Herek Ciara Bravo, Jacob Bertrand, Elena Kampouris, Jack Griffo, Donavon Stinson, Keegan Connor Tracy, Jay Brazeau After a century-old curse of bad luck, a determined teen embarks on a journey to break her family\u2019s generational misfortune. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"LEGENDS OF THE HIDDEN TEMPLE","tags":" Joe Menendez Isabela Moner, Jet Jurgensmeyer, Colin Critchley, Kirk Fogg, Dee Bradley Baker A trio of siblings gets trapped in a secret temple, where they must navigate a risky obstacle course to make it out. Inspired by the \u201890s game show. familyfamily"},{"title":"Liar, Liar, Vampire","tags":" Vince Marcello Rahart Adams, Brec Bassinger, Tiera Skovbye, Larissa Albuquerque, Sarah Grey, Drew Tanner, Pauline Egan, Alex Zahara, Samuel Patrick Chu When a shy teen transfers to a new school, he elects to mix things up by playing along with the rumor that he's a vampire. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Boy Who Cried Werewolf","tags":" Eric Bross Victoria Justice, Chase Ellison, Anna Galvin, Matt Winston, Jillian Marie, Valerie Tian, Kerry James, Andrea Brooks, Christie Laing, Cainan Wiebe, Brooke Shields, Brooke D'Orsay, Steven Grayhm When high school girl-geek Jordan becomes a werewolf after moving to Romania, she must elude her own brother, who sets out to slay her. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Massively Mixed-Up Middle School Mystery","tags":" Will Eisenberg Garrett Ryan, Adam Hochstetter, Haley Tju, Brianne Tju, Jenna Ortega, Aaron Eisenberg, Celestial, Richard Balin After the school principal gets pranked, a curious crew of preteen super sleuths tests their detective skills to solve an underwater ruse. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Victorious","tags":"  Victoria Justice, Leon Thomas III, Matt Bennett, Elizabeth Gillies, Ariana Grande, Avan Jogia, Daniella Monet, Michael Eric Reid, Jake Farrow, Eric Lange When aspiring singer Tori Vega joins the eccentric students at Hollywood Arts High, she struggles to fit in with the amazingly talented teens. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"A Remarkable Tale","tags":" Marina Seresesky Carmen Machi, Pep\u00f3n Nieto, Kiti M\u00e1nver, Jon Kortajarena, Jimmy Castro, Ricardo Nkosi, Montse Pla, Malcolm Trevi\u00f1o-Sitt\u00e9, Pepa Charro, Esperanza Elipe, Mariana Cordero, Txema Blasco The residents of an isolated town look to revive their home's identity when a group of foreigners unexpectedly arrive, bringing culture shock with them. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"A Year In Space","tags":"  Scott Kelly Two astronauts attempt to brave a life in Earth's orbit on a record-setting mission to see if humans have the endurance to survive a flight to Mars. documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"Ad Vitam","tags":"  Yvan Attal, Garance Marillier, Niels Schneider, Victor Assi\u00e9, Rod Paradot, Anne Azoulay, Adel Bencherif In a future where regeneration technology lets humans live indefinitely, a cop and a troubled young woman investigate a strange wave of youth suicides. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"American Son","tags":" Kenny Leon Kerry Washington, Steven Pasquale, Jeremy Jordan, Eugene Lee Time passes and tension mounts in a Florida police station as an estranged interracial couple awaits news of their missing teenage son. dramadrama"},{"title":"Billy on the Street","tags":"  Billy Eichner Comedian Billy Eichner sprints through New York with celebrities to stun pedestrians with unapologetic, unfiltered and unique pop culture questions. foregin,show,comedyforegin,show,comedy"},{"title":"Christmas in the Heartland","tags":" Harvey Lowry Sierra McCormick, Brighton Sharbino, Bo Derek, Shelley Long, Christopher Rich, JoeDon Rooney, Tiffany Fallon, Paula Trickey, Christian Kane Two girls realize they're both visiting grandparents they\u2019ve never met and decide to switch places to see how the other half lives. dramadrama"},{"title":"Christmas Survival","tags":" James Dearden Julian Ovenden, Gemma Whelan, Joely Richardson, Michael Landes, Sally Phillips, Patricia Hodge, Ronni Ancona, James Fox, Sophie Simnett, Jade Ma With Christmas just around the corner, sisters Miranda and Lyla bring their families to their childhood home, where rivalries don't take a holiday. comedycomedy"},{"title":"CLANNAD","tags":"  Yuichi Nakamura, David Matranga, Mai Nakahara, Luci Christian, Ryo Hirohashi, Shelley Calene-Black, Ai Nonaka, Hilary Haag, Akemi Kanda, Brittney Karbowski, Houko Kuwashima, Kaytha Coker, Mamiko Noto, Emily Neves, Daisuke Sakaguchi, Greg Ayres Maladjusted high school student Tomoya's life begins to change when he befriends his classmate Nagisa and several other eccentric girls. anime,showanime,show"},{"title":"Drive","tags":" Tarun Mansukhani Jacqueline Fernandez, Sushant Singh Rajput, Boman Irani, Pankaj Tripathi, Vikramjeet Virk, Sapna Pabbi, Vibha Chhibber, Kaustubh Kumar A notorious thief allies with a street racer for a grand heist involving an elaborate game of deceit with authorities, who have their own dirty secrets. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Fire in Paradise","tags":" Drea Cooper, Zackary Canepari  In this documentary, survivors recall the catastrophic 2018 Camp Fire, which razed the town of Paradise and became California\u2019s deadliest wildfire. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Haikyu!!","tags":"  Ayumu Murase, Kaito Ishikawa, Satoshi Hino, Miyu Irino, Yu Hayashi, Koki Uchiyama, Soma Saito, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Toshiki Masuda, Kaori Nazuka, Hiroshi Kamiya, Kazunari Tanaka, Daisuke Namikawa, Hiroyuki Yoshino, Sumire Morohoshi, Yuichi Nakamura, Yuki Kaji, Shinnosuke Tachibana, Mark Ishii, Ryohei Kimura, Ryota Takeuchi, Hisao Egawa, Subaru Kimura Inspired by a championship match he sees on TV, junior high schooler Hinata joins a volleyball club and begins training, despite his short height. anime,foregin,showanime,foregin,show"},{"title":"Holiday in the Wild","tags":" Ernie Barbarash Rob Lowe, Kristin Davis, Fezile Mpela, John Owen Lowe, Colin Moss When her husband abruptly ends their marriage, empty nester Kate embarks on a solo second honeymoon in Africa, finding purpose \u2013 and potential romance. family,drama,romancefamily,drama,romance"},{"title":"Holly Star","tags":" Michael A. Nickles Katlyn Carlson, Brian Muller, Teya Patt, Pamela Chabora Home for the holidays, a broke puppeteer knows there\u2019s treasure buried somewhere under her town. To find it, all she has to do is die \u2013 almost. family,comedy,romancefamily,comedy,romance"},{"title":"Love, Chunibyo & Other Delusions!","tags":"  Jun Fukuyama, Maaya Uchida, Chinatsu Akasaki, Azumi Asakura, Sumire Uesaka, Yuri Amano, Kaori Fukuhara, Mami Shitara, Soichiro Hoshi, Kikuko Inoue, Eri Sendai, Juri Nagatsuma High schooler Yuta wants to leave his past as a delusional weirdo behind. But his classmate Rikka has her own delusions, and she's interested in his. anime,romance,showanime,romance,show"},{"title":"Maid-Sama!","tags":"  Ayumi Fujimura, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Kazuyoshi Shiibashi, Kana Hanazawa, Yu Kobayashi, Mitsuhiro Ichiki, Takuma Terashima, Yoshimasa Hosoya To keep the boys in line, student council president Misaki runs the school with an iron fist \u2013 while secretly working as a waitress at a maid caf\u00e9. anime,romanceanime,romance"},{"title":"Mobile Suit Gundam: Iron-Blooded Orphans","tags":"  Kengo Kawanishi, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Natsuki Hanae, Yuuichirou Umehara, Yasuaki Takumi, Taishi Murata, Kouhei Amasaki, Mutsumi Tamura, Soma Saito, Yuka Terasaki, Hisako Kanemoto, Takahiro Sakurai, Masaya Matsukaze, Toru Okawa On a terraformed post-disaster Mars, a group of child security agents rebel against the adults who betrayed them and the oppressive Earth government. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Queer Eye: We're in Japan!","tags":"  Bobby Berk, Karamo Brown, Tan France, Antoni Porowski, Jonathan Van Ness, Kiko Mizuhara The Fab Five touch down in Tokyo to spread the joy, explore the culture, and help four Japanese men and women find the confidence to be themselves. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Santa Girl","tags":" Blayne Weaver Barry Bostwick, Jennifer Stone, Devon Werkheiser, McKayla Witt, Joshua Cody, Hank Stone Fleeing the family business and an arranged marriage, Santa\u2019s daughter chooses a magical adventure of her own: College. family,comedy,romancefamily,comedy,romance"},{"title":"The Boulet Brothers Dragula","tags":"  Boulet Brothers Ten queens must slay the competition and put their fiercest, filthiest faces forward for the chance to be crowned the world's next drag supermonster. showshow"},{"title":"The Deep","tags":"  Vincent Tong, Ashleigh Ball, Kathleen Barr, Michael Dobson, Brian Drummond The Nektons are a family of underwater explorers who discover the hidden secrets of the oceans, including sunken cities, sea creatures and pirates. familyfamily"},{"title":"The King","tags":" David Mich\u00f4d Timoth\u00e9e Chalamet, Joel Edgerton, Robert Pattinson, Ben Mendelsohn, Sean Harris, Tom Glynn-Carney, Lily-Rose Depp, Thomasin McKenzie Wayward Prince Hal must turn from carouser to warrior king as he faces hostilities from inside and outside the castle walls in the battle for England. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Man Without Gravity","tags":" Marco Bonfanti Elio Germano, Michela Cescon, Elena Cotta, Silvia D'Amico, Vincent Scarito A gravity-defying boy raised in seclusion matures into an extraordinary man \u2013 and an international celebrity \u2013 who longs for human connection. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Old Thieves: The Legend of Artegios","tags":" Everardo Gonz\u00e1lez  While carrying out prison sentences, five notorious thieves in Mexico City share their principles, preferred methods and respect for the craft. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"True: Grabbleapple Harvest","tags":"  Michela Luci, Jamie Watson, Eric Peterson, Anna Claire Bartlam, Nicolas Aqui, Cory Doran, Julie Lemieux, Derek McGrath It's Grabbleapple harvest season in the Rainbow Kingdom ... but Glummy Glooma doesn't want autumn to come. Can True and her friends save the festival? familyfamily"},{"title":"Vientos de agua","tags":"  Ernesto Alterio, Eduardo Blanco, H\u00e9ctor Alterio, Dar\u00edo Valenzuela, Pablo Rago, Angie Cepeda, Marta Etura, Giulia Michelini, Carlos Kaspar Jos\u00e9 Olaya, a Spanish miner, emigrates to Argentina in 1934, while his son, an architect, moves to Spain after Argentina's economic collapse in 2001. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"We Are the Wave","tags":"  Ludwig Simon, Luise Befort, Michelle Barthel, Mohamed Issa, Daniel Friedl, Robert Schupp A mysterious classmate leads four idealistic teens in a revolt against a rising tide of nationalistic fervor, but their movement takes a dark turn. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Zo\u00e9: Panoramas","tags":" Rodrigo Guardiola, Gabriel Cruz Rivas Sergio Acosta, Jes\u00fas B\u00e1ez, \u00c1ngel Mosqueda, Rodrigo Guardiola, Le\u00f3n Larregui This introspective rockumentary follows the career triumphs and intimate moments of legendary Mexican band Zo\u00e9 as they embark on a global tour. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Grego Rossello: Disculpe las molestias","tags":" Juani Libonatti Grego Rossello Argentine comedian Grego Rossello takes the stage in Buenos Aires to share his takes on modern stardom, airline dining, brotherly love and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"KENGAN ASHURA","tags":"  Tatsuhisa Suzuki, Cho, Jouji Nakata, Yumi Uchiyama, Hayato Kaneko, Tetsu Inada, Yasuyuki Kase, Junya Enoki, Daisuke Namikawa, Ryuzo Hasuike Ohma Tokita enters a hidden world where corporate disputes are settled in brutal gladiator bouts. Forget the money, he just wants to fight \u2013 and win. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Nowhere Man","tags":" DJ Chen Alyssa Chia, Mavis Fan, Joseph Chang, Wang Po-chieh, Jeremiah Zhang, Chou Min-fu, Greg Hsu, Kuo Tze-cheng, Shen Hai-jung, Lu Yi-long Two nefarious schemes taking place 10 years apart entangle a dauntless triad member, who must break out of prison to rescue a loved one. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"Bring It On, Ghost","tags":" Park Joon-hwa Taecyeon, Kim So-hyun, Kwon Yul, Kim Sang-ho, Kang Ki-young, Lee Da-wit, Kim Min-sang, Yun Seo-hyun A college student with psychic abilities takes in an amnesiac ghost as his roommate \u2013 who ends up helping him hunt down spooky spirits. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mehandi Circus","tags":" Saravana Rajendran Madhampatti Rangaraj, Shweta Tripathi, Vela Ramamoorthy, Ankur Vikal, G. Marimuthu, Sunny Charles In the early 1990s, the love between a cassette shop owner and a traveling circus performer challenges caste barriers and disapproving parents. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Tomorrow with You","tags":"  Shin Mina, Lee Je-hoon, Kim Ye-won, Cho Han-cheul, Baek Hyeon-jin, Kang Ki-doong, Park Joo-hee, Oh Gwang-rok The head of a real estate firm with the ability to travel through time by taking the subway marries a photographer to try and change his future. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Arsenio Hall: Smart & Classy","tags":" Brian Volk-Weiss Arsenio Hall In his first stand-up special, Arsenio Hall discusses getting older, the changing times and culture, social issues and even bothersome baby toes. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Shine On with Reese","tags":"  Reese Witherspoon In a talk show straight from the heart, actor and producer Reese Witherspoon visits with groundbreaking women to discuss their inspiring journeys. documental,comedydocumental,comedy"},{"title":"The Road to El Camino: Behind the Scenes of El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie","tags":"   Aaron Paul, Vince Gilligan and other cast members, producers and crew share stories and footage from the making of \"El Camino.\" documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"A 3 Minute Hug","tags":" Everardo Gonz\u00e1lez  This documentary captures the joy and heartbreak of families separated by the U.S.-Mexico border sharing a short but bittersweet reunion in 2018. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Little Miss Sumo","tags":" Matt Kay Hiyori Kon In an ancient sport traditionally reserved for men, 20-year-old female sumo prodigy Hiyori attempts to revolutionize Japan\u2019s national pastime. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Wait, My Youth","tags":"  Zhao Yiqin, Li Jiaqi, Li Geyang, Xu Mengyuan, Wu Shuangyi, Dong Yanlei, Vincent Wei Six hopeful friends journey into adulthood to create the moments that pull them together, draw them apart and make them fall in love. foregin,romance,showforegin,romance,show"},{"title":"A Little Thing Called First Love","tags":"  Lai Kuan-lin, Zhao Jinmai, Wang Runze, Chai Wei, Wang Bowen A shy college student with a knack for drawing develops a crush on a musically gifted classmate and embarks on a journey of self-discovery. foregin,romance,showforegin,romance,show"},{"title":"BoJack Horseman","tags":"  Will Arnett, Aaron Paul, Amy Sedaris, Alison Brie, Paul F. Tompkins Meet the most beloved sitcom horse of the '90s, 20 years later. He\u2019s a curmudgeon with a heart of...not quite gold...but something like gold. Copper? comedycomedy"},{"title":"Brotherhood","tags":"  Naruna Costa, Seu Jorge, Hermila Guedes, Lee Taylor, Danilo Grangheia, Wesley Guimar\u00e3es, Pedro Wagner An honest lawyer reaches a moral crossroads after the cops force her to inform on her incarcerated brother, the leader of a rising criminal faction. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Consequences","tags":" Ozan A\u00e7\u0131ktan Nehir Erdo\u011fan, Tardu Flordun, \u0130lker Kaleli, Serkan Keskin, Esra Bezen Bilgin, Ayta\u00e7 U\u015fun, Cem \u00d6zeren, Caner Ar\u00e7kan Secrets bubble to the surface after a sensual encounter and an unforeseen crime entangle two friends and a woman caught between them. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Dolemite Is My Name","tags":" Craig Brewer Eddie Murphy, Wesley Snipes, Keegan-Michael Key, Mike Epps, Craig Robinson, Tituss Burgess, Da'Vine Joy Randolph, Kodi Smit-McPhee In 1970s LA, struggling comedian Rudy Ray Moore hits it big with his raunchy alter ego, Dolemite, then risks it all to take his act to the big screen. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Drug Squad: Costa del Sol","tags":"  Hugo Silva, \u00c1lvaro Cervantes, Miki Esparb\u00e9, Jes\u00fas Castro, Sara S\u00e1lamo, Jorge Us\u00f3n, Cayetana Cabezas, Pablo B\u00e9jar, Marco C\u00e1ceres, Olivia Delc\u00e1n, Jorge Suquet, Daniel Holgu\u00edn, Joaqu\u00edn Galletero, Carolina Yuste, Ana Fern\u00e1ndez Four intrepid and impulsive police officers form a special narcotics unit to combat the birth of drug trafficking on Spain's Costa del Sol in the 1970s. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"It Takes a Lunatic","tags":" Billy Lyons  The extraordinary life of beloved acting teacher and theatre producer Wynn Handman is recalled in this portrait of a provocative, innovative artist. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Monz\u00f3n: A Knockout Blow","tags":"  Jorge Rom\u00e1n, Mauricio Paniagua, Carla Quevedo, Paloma Ker, Soledad Silveyra, Diego Cremonesi, Florencia Raggi, Gustavo Garz\u00f3n, Yayo Guridi, Fabi\u00e1n Arenillas, Nacho Gadano, Bel\u00e9n Chavanne This dramatization tells the story of Argentine boxing champion Carlos Monz\u00f3n, as well as the investigation into the death of his wife Alicia Mu\u00f1iz. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Nailed It! France","tags":"  Artus, No\u00e9mie Honiat On this fun and funny competition show, home bakers talented in catastrophe struggle to re-create dessert masterpieces and win a 5,000 euro prize. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Nailed It! Spain","tags":"  La Terremoto de Alcorc\u00f3n, Christian Escrib\u00e0 On this competition show, novice bakers try to avoid a fiasco while duplicating stunning sweets. At stake are a trophy and 5,000 euros. foregin,show,foreginforegin,show,foregin"},{"title":"Rattlesnake","tags":" Zak Hilditch Carmen Ejogo, Theo Rossi, Emma Greenwell, Apollonia Pratt, Debrianna Mansini, Bruce Davis After a mysterious woman saves her daughter from a deadly snakebite, a single mother must repay the debt by killing a stranger before sundown. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Awakening of Motti Wolkenbruch","tags":" Michael Steiner Inge Maux, No\u00e9mie Schmidt, Joel Basman, Sunnyi Melles, Udo Samel, Rachel Braunschweig, Oriana Schrage, Meytal Gal Pressured to marry a nice Orthodox Jewish woman, Motti is thrown for a loop when he falls for classmate Laura, who his mother will never approve of. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Untamed","tags":"  Sean Xiao, Wang Yibo, Zoey Meng, Xuan Lu, Yu Bin, Wang Zhuocheng, Liu Haikuan, Zhu Zanjin, Wang Haoxuan, Ji Li In a magical world of inter-clan rivalry, two soulmates face treacherous schemes and uncover a dark mystery linked to a tragic event in the past. foregin,action,suspenseforegin,action,suspense"},{"title":"Daybreak","tags":"  Colin Ford, Alyvia Alyn Lind, Sophie Simnett, Austin Crute, Cody Kearsley, Jeant\u00e9 Godlock, Gregory Kasyan, Krysta Rodriguez, Matthew Broderick Living his best life in post-apocalyptic LA, a slacker strives to find the girl of his dreams while outwitting mindless ghouls and cliquish gangs. action,comedy,suspenseaction,comedy,suspense"},{"title":"Echo in the Canyon","tags":" Andrew Slater Jakob Dylan, Ringo Starr, Michelle Phillips, Stephen Stills, Regina Spektor, Beck, Eric Clapton, Tom Petty, Jackson Browne, Norah Jones An affectionate documentary looks back at the mid-1960s, when Hollywood\u2019s Laurel Canyon was a creative nexus for young, innovative musicians. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Revenge of the Pontianak","tags":" Glen Goei, Gavin Yap Nur Fazura, Remy Ishak, Hisyam Hamid, Shenty Feliziana, Nam Ron, Tony Eusoff, Wan Hanafi Su A wedding in a Malaysian village leaves out one guest: a scorned vampire ghost bent on settling a secret score with the groom and anyone in her way. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner","tags":"  David Chang, Seth Rogen, Chrissy Teigen, Lena Waithe, Kate McKinnon Chef David Chang takes his insatiable curiosity about food, culture and identity on the road, in the convivial company of fun-loving celebrity guests. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Dancing with the Birds","tags":" Huw Cordey Stephen Fry From ruffling their majestic feathers to nailing im-peck-able courtship routines, birds in paradise flaunt their best moves in hopes of landing a mate. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Master Z: The Ip Man Legacy","tags":" Yuen Woo-ping Zhang Jin, Dave Bautista, Michelle Yeoh, Tony Jaa, Liu Yan, Kevin Cheng, Chrissie Chow, Xing Yu In this spin-off, a martial arts expert once defeated by Ip Man is forced to abandon his reclusive lifestyle to combat a rising Chinese triad. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Jenny Slate: Stage Fright","tags":" Gillian Robespierre Jenny Slate Jenny Slate's first stand-up special is a mix of stage time, funny stories about adulthood and conversations with family in her childhood home. documental,comedydocumental,comedy"},{"title":"Free Fire","tags":" Ben Wheatley Sharlto Copley, Armie Hammer, Brie Larson, Cillian Murphy, Jack Reynor, Babou Ceesay, Enzo Cilenti, Sam Riley, Michael Smiley, Noah Taylor, Patrick Bergin, Mark Monero A sketchy arms transaction in a deserted warehouse turns into a free-for-all when the two sides engage in a take-no-prisoners shootout. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Command","tags":" Thomas Vinterberg Matthias Schoenaerts, L\u00e9a Seydoux, Colin Firth, Peter Simonischek, August Diehl, Max von Sydow, Bjarne Henriksen, Magnus Millang, Artemiy Spiridonov For the crew trapped aboard a sunken Russian submarine the deadliest threat is the bureaucracy on land. Based on a true story. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"10 Days in Sun City","tags":" Adze Ugah Ayo Makun, Adesua Etomi, Richard Mofe-Damijo, Mercy Johnson, Falz, Tuface Idibia, Thenjiwe Moseley, Motlatsi Mafatshe, Celeste Ntuli, Miguel A. N\u00fa\u00f1ez Jr. After his girlfriend wins the Miss Nigeria pageant, a young man faces unexpected competition of his own when he joins her on a campaign in South Africa. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Eli","tags":" Ciar\u00e1n Foy Charlie Shotwell, Lili Taylor, Kelly Reilly, Max Martini, Sadie Sink, Deneen Tyler, Katia Gomez With his desperate parents in tow, an 11-year-old boy with a debilitating illness checks into an isolated clinic to undergo experimental therapy. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Interior Design Masters","tags":"   Aspiring interior designers transform a variety of spaces from dowdy to delightful as they vie for a life-changing contract with a top London hotel. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Little Baby Bum: Nursery Rhyme Friends","tags":"  Chloe Marsden, Aaron Marsden, Mar\u00eda Esnoz Twinkle, Mia, Jacus and the rest of the Nursery Rhyme Friends perform catchy tunes for the little ones. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Love, Surreal and Odd","tags":" Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan Aylin Kontante, B\u00fclent Emrah Parlak, B\u00fc\u015fra Pekin, \u00c7a\u011flar \u00c7orumlu, Fatih Artman, Gupse \u00d6zay, Serkan Keskin, \u015eebnem Bozoklu When a group of people meets at the same party, they form four different relationships, each experiencing similar phases of love. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mighty Little Bheem: Diwali","tags":"  Samriddhi Shukla, Nishka Raheja, Arannya Kaur, Shanoor Mirza, Rajesh Kava From decorating his home to devouring sweets, join Bheem as he makes merry \u2013 and a bit of mischief \u2013 while the festival of lights is in full swing. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Seventeen","tags":" Daniel S\u00e1nchez Ar\u00e9valo Biel Montoro, Nacho S\u00e1nchez, Lola Cord\u00f3n, Itsaso Arana, Chani Mart\u00edn, I\u00f1igo Aranburu, Kandido Uranga, Javier Cifri\u00e1n, Mamen Duch, Carolina Clemente, Jorge Cabrera, Daniel Fuster, Edgar Costas, Patxi Santamar\u00eda To find his therapy dog, a 17-year-old escapes from juvie and embarks on a journey of reconnection with his brother and grandmother through Cantabria. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Spirit Riding Free: Pony Tales","tags":"  Amber Frank, Bailey Gambertoglio, Sydney Park, Darcy Rose Byrnes, Gabriella Graves, Duncan Joiner, Nolan North Find the fun and adventure of \"Spirit Riding Free\" in this mix of music videos and short episodes featuring Lucky and all of her friends! familyfamily"},{"title":"Tatu","tags":" Don Omope Rahama Sadau, Sambasa Nzeribe, Segun Arinze, Gabriel Afolayan, Desmond Elliot, Funlola Aofiyebi, Toyin Aimakhu, Stephen Demian, Afeez Oyetoro, Oludara Egerton Shyngle Doubting her future as a nun, a woman attempts to have a child, triggering a mystic tribal prophecy that could force her to make a godly sacrifice. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Tell Me Who I Am","tags":" Ed Perkins  In this documentary, Alex trusts his twin, Marcus, to tell him about his past after he loses his memory. But Marcus is hiding a dark family secret. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Laundromat","tags":" Steven Soderbergh Meryl Streep, Gary Oldman, Antonio Banderas, Sharon Stone, James Cromwell, Jeffrey Wright, Melissa Rauch, Jeff Michalski, Jane Morris, Robert Patrick, David Schwimmer When a widow gets swindled out of insurance money, her search for answers leads to two cunning lawyers in Panama who hide cash for the superrich. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Toon","tags":"  Joep Vermolen, Amy van der Weerden, Loulou Hameleers, Robbert Bleij Reclusive, socially awkward jingle composer Toon must navigate the nightmarish world of show biz after a viral video skyrockets him to fame. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Up North","tags":" Tope Oshin Banky Wellington, Rahama Sadau, Kanayo O. Kanayo, Ibrahim Suleiman, Michelle Dede, Adesua Etomi, Hilda Dokubo, Akin Lewis A pampered heir must complete a year of service work to inherit his dad's assets but unearths new goals when he's placed in an unfamiliar region. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Upstarts","tags":" Udai Singh Pawar Priyanshu Painyuli, Chandrachoor Rai, Shadab Kamal, Rajeev Siddhartha, Sheetal Thakur, Ninad Kamat, Swati Semwal, Eijaz Khan Hoping to do good while making millions, three college graduates create a startup. But as business begins to flourish, their own bond starts to fray. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Verses of Love 2","tags":" Guntur Soeharjanto Fedi Nuril, Tatjana Saphira, Dewi Sandra, Chelsea Islan, Nur Fazura, Pandji Pragiwaksono, Arie Untung, Bront Palarae, Dewi Irawan Now a lecturer in Edinburgh, Fahri tries to begin a new chapter as the love of his life, Aisha, volunteers in the Gaza Strip. Have they moved on? drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Chosen","tags":"  Lan Cheng-Lung, Deng JiaJia, Han Pengyi, Sam Hayden-Smith, Jenny Zhou, Paul He, Nathaniel Kelly When a mysterious box arrives at his door, a doctor and father is forced to participate in a twisted killing game, or risk losing everything. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"THE UNLISTED","tags":"  Vrund Rao, Ved Rao, Abigail Adriano, Miah Madden, Jean Hinchliffe, Nya Cofie, Saba Zaidi Abdi, Nicholas Brown, Virginie Laverdure, Avishma Lohith, Zenia Starr, Suzi Dougherty, Aria Ferris, Danny Kim, Annabel Wolfe When they learn of a secret plot to track and control kids, identical twins Dru and Kal team up with a band of runaway rebels to take back their world. family,suspensefamily,suspense"},{"title":"Another Miss Oh","tags":"  Seo Hyun-jin, Eric Moon, Jeon Hye-bin, Ye Ji-won, Kim Ji-seok, Lee Jae-yoon, Lee Han-wi, Kim Mee-kyeong, Oh Man-seok, Lee Pil-mo A sound director who suddenly starts getting visions of someone else\u2019s future gets mired in the lives of two women, who happen to share the same name. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Ghosts of Sugar Land","tags":" Bassam Tariq  Shocked when their friend embraces extremism, a group of Muslim Americans in Texas recount their time with him and theories about his fate. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"League of Legends Origins","tags":" Leslie Iwerks  Fans, experts and creators of the \"League of Legends\" detail the game\u2019s rise from free demo to global esports titan. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Park Na-rae: Glamour Warning","tags":" Kim Joo-hyung Park Na-rae Korea\u2019s beloved comedian and favorite big sister figure talks sex, relationships and celebrity life. And she\u2019s sassier and dirtier than ever before. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Second 20s","tags":"  Choi Ji-woo, Lee Sang-yun, Choi Won-young, Kim Min-jae, Son Na-eun, Jung Soo-young, Choi Yoon-so, Park Hyo-ju Facing major changes, a mother realizes it's time to live for herself and decides to enroll in college, where she finds her dream as well as new love. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sinister 2","tags":" Ciar\u00e1n Foy Shannyn Sossamon, John Beasley, James Ransone, Tate Ellington, Robert Daniel Sloan, Dartanian Sloan, Lucas Jade Zumann, Lea Coco A single mother and her twin sons move into a rural house, unaware of its history of being inhabited by an evil spirit that preys upon young children. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Game Changers","tags":" Louie Psihoyos Arnold Schwarzenegger, Lewis Hamilton, James Wilks, Patrik Baboumian, Scott Jurek, Nimai Delgado, Morgan Mitchell, Rip Esselstyn, Dotsie Bausch, Damien Mander, Michael Thomas, Dr. Dean Ornish, David Goldman Special Forces trainer James Wilks asks elite athletes to compare the merits of meat, protein and plants for building strength. Spoiler: plants win. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Black Money Love","tags":" Ahmet Kat\u0131ks\u0131z G\u00fcler \u00d6kten, Hazal T\u00fcresan, \u0130lkin T\u00fcfek\u00e7i, Bedia Ener, Erkan Can, \u00d6yk\u00fc Karayel, Emre K\u0131z\u0131l\u0131rmak, Bestemsu \u00d6zdemir, Engin Aky\u00fcrek, Burak Tamdo\u011fan, Sayg\u0131n Soysal, Tuba B\u00fcy\u00fck\u00fcst\u00fcn, Ali Y\u00f6ren\u00e7, Ahmet Tansu Ta\u015fanlar, Elif \u0130nci After a cop's fianc\u00e9e and a jewelry designer's father are found dead together, the two bereaved ones face a perilous aftermath of a theft gone wrong. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Martin Matte: La vie, la mort...eh la la..!","tags":" Jean-Fran\u00e7ois Blais Martin Matte Quebecois comedy star Martin Matte serves up embarrassing personal stories, a solution for social media trolls and more in this unpredictable special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Street Flow","tags":" Le\u00efla Sy, Kery James Kery James, Jammeh Diangana, Chlo\u00e9 Jouannet, Bakary Diombera Three brothers \u2013 a gangster, a scholar and an impressionable teen \u2013 learn hard lessons in the gritty suburbs while searching for the means to survive. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Lies Within","tags":"  Lee Min-ki, Lee Yoo-young, On Ju-wan, Lee Jun-hyeok, Yun Jong-seok, Kim Jong-soo, Seo Hyun-woo, Song Young-chang, Lee Jun-hyuk After her father dies and her husband goes missing, Kim Seo-hui teams up with detective Jo Tae-sik and joins the National Assembly. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Bygones Be Bygones","tags":" Hakan Alg\u00fcl Ata Demirer, Tuvana T\u00fcrkay, \u00dclk\u00fc Duru, Salih Kalyon, Renan Bilek, Seda G\u00fcven, Toprak Sergen, Ali Yo\u011furt\u00e7uo\u011flu, Bedir Bedir, G\u00fcme\u00e7 Alpay Aslan A mother's plan to find her bachelor son a match derails when a new prospect turns up and sinister schemes unfold. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie","tags":" Vince Gilligan Aaron Paul Fugitive Jesse Pinkman attempts to outrun his past. Written and directed by \"Breaking Bad\" creator Vince Gilligan, starring Aaron Paul. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Fractured","tags":" Brad Anderson Sam Worthington, Lily Rabe, Stephen Tobolowsky, Adjoa Andoh, Lucy Capri, Lauren Cochrane, Shane Dean After his wife and injured daughter disappear from an ER, a man conducts a panicked search and becomes convinced the hospital is hiding something. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Insatiable","tags":"  Dallas Roberts, Debby Ryan, Alyssa Milano, Christopher Gorham, Kimmy Shields, Michael Provost, Erinn Westbrook, Daniel Kang, Arden Myrin A bullied teenager turns to beauty pageants as a way to exact her revenge, with the help of a disgraced coach who soon realizes he's in over his head. comedy,drama,showcomedy,drama,show"},{"title":"The Bling Lagosians","tags":" Bolanle Austen-Peters Gbenga Titiloye, Elvina Ibru, Sharon Ooja, Osas Ighodaro Ajibade, Monalisa Chinda, Toyin Abraham, Bisola Aiyeola, Oladele Ogunlana, Jimmy Odukoya, Alex Ekubo With a matriarch bent on having a lavish 51st birthday party, her family's debt is on the verge of exposure, threatening their business \u2013 and legacy. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Forest of Love","tags":" Sion Sono Kippei Shiina, Shinnosuke Mitsushima, Kyooko Hinami, Eri Kamataki, Young Dais, Natsuki Kawamura, Yuzuka Nakaya, Dai Hasegawa, Chiho Fujii, Sei Matobu, Denden A con man and a would-be filmmaking crew force themselves into the lives of two grief-scarred young women. But nothing is as it seems. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Hook Up Plan","tags":"  Marc Ruchmann, Zita Hanrot, Sabrina Ouazani, Jos\u00e9phine Drai, Syrus Shahidi, Yvan Naubron, Guillaume Labb\u00e9, Tom Dingler When Parisian Elsa gets hung up on her ex, her best friends secretly hire a male escort to help her move on. But their plan works a little too well. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"The Influence","tags":" Dennis Rovira van Boekholt Manuela Vell\u00e9s, Maggie Civantos, Alain Hern\u00e1ndez, Claudia Placer, Daniela Rubio, Emma Su\u00e1rez, Ram\u00f3n Esquinas, Felipe Garc\u00eda V\u00e9lez, Mariana Cordero Back in her childhood home to help her sister care for their comatose mother, Alicia must face a dark force from her past that now threatens her child. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Ultramarine Magmell","tags":"  Kengo Kawanishi, M\u30fbA\u30fbO, Toshiyuki Morikawa, Hibiku Yamamura, Satoshi Mikami, Koji Yusa, Hiroshi Yanaka, Shiro Saito, Keiichi Sonobe Decades after the sudden birth of a new continent, a young rescuer-for-hire provides aid to adventurers exploring this dangerous, uncharted world. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"After","tags":" Jenny Gage Josephine Langford, Hero Fiennes Tiffin, Selma Blair, Inanna Sarkis, Shane Paul McGhie, Pia Mia, Khadijha Red Thunder, Dylan Arnold, Samuel Larsen, Jennifer Beals, Peter Gallagher Wholesome college freshman Tessa Young thinks she knows what she wants out of life, until she crosses paths with complicated bad boy Hardin Scott. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Home Is Where the Killer Is","tags":" Kaila York Stacy Haiduk, Kelly Kruger, Christopher Sean, Anne Leighton, Beth Littleford, John-Paul Lavoisier, Kristoff St. John, Pallavi Sastry Recovering from cancer, a young woman thinks she\u2019s found a friend when she rents a room from a caring ex-doctor. But empathy soon becomes obsession. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Rhythm + Flow","tags":"  Cardi B, Chance The Rapper, T.I. In this music competition show, judges Tip \u201cT.I.\u201d Harris, Cardi B and Chance the Rapper hit the streets to find the next rap superstar. showshow"},{"title":"Deon Cole: Cole Hearted","tags":" Ryan Polito Deon Cole Embracing his belief that comedy is the last raw form of expression, Deon Cole explains the right time to thank Jesus and the wrong time to say \"welp.\" comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Spooky Tale of Captain Underpants Hack-a-ween","tags":"  Nat Faxon, Jay Gragnani, Ramone Hamilton, Sean Astin, Dayci Brookshire, Clancy Brown, Jorge Diaz, Peter Hastings, Evan Kishiyama, David Koechner, Erica Luttrell, Patty Mattson, Brennan Murray, Kevin Michael Richardson, Mindy Sterling, Stephen Tobolowsky, Kari Wahlgren When Melvin tries to cancel Halloween, clever best friends Harold and George create their own spooky holiday \u2013 and it's a huge success! family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Love for Sale","tags":" Andibachtiar Yusuf Gading Marten, Della Dartyan, Rukman Rosadi, Albert Halim, Verdi Solaiman, Adriano Qalbi, Sabrina Rochelle Kalangie, Rizky Mocil Richard accepts a bet that he can't find a companion to a friend's wedding, not knowing the dating app he's using includes a 45-day contract. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Legend Quest: Masters of Myth","tags":"  Johnny Rose, Annemarie Blanco, Paul Tei, Oscar Cheda, Chuck Morgan, Jenna Lamia, James Carrey When mythical creatures come to life, it's up to Leo, Teodora, Don Andr\u00e9s and Alebrije \u2013 super-secret monster hunters \u2013 to save the day. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"My Country: The New Age","tags":"  Yang Se-Jong, Woo Do\u2011hwan, Seolhyun, Jang Hyuk, Kim Young-chul, In Gyo-jin, Yu Oh-seong, Ahn Nae-sang At the end of the Goryeo period, there were those who led the charge to proclaim a new age \u2013 and the ordinary individuals who risked everything. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"Noblemen","tags":" Vandana Kataria Ali Haji, Kunal Kapoor, Muskkaan Jaferi, Hardik Thakkar, Ali Mir, Shaan Grover, M.K. Raina, Ivan Rodrigues When he lands the lead in his Christian school's production of \"The Merchant of Venice,\" a secretly gay student is bullied by wealthy upperclassmen. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"A Plastic Ocean","tags":"  Tanya Streeter When he discovers the world's oceans brimming with plastic waste, a documentary filmmaker investigates the pollution's environmental impacts. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Brother in Love","tags":" Onur Bilgetay Cem Gelino\u011flu, Melis Babadag, Ege K\u00f6kenli, M\u00fcfit Kayacan, Lale Ba\u015far, Ali Erkazan, \u00d6zlem \u00c7akar, Selen Doma\u00e7, Ferdi Sancar, G\u00fcven Hokna A robbery leaves a proprietor penniless before his wedding, but becoming a son-in-law to a second family might be the financial solution he needs. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Creeped Out","tags":"  Victoria Diamond, William Romain, Sydney Wade, Jennifer James, Daniel Ryan, Robert Styles, Rhys Gannon, Maeve Larkin, Margaret Jackman, Katie Proctor, Jonathan Blake, Maximus Evans, Anya Lawrence, Tiffany Elefano, Diya Kittur, Berkley Silverman, Malen Clarkson, Jason Done, Rosina Carbone, Boris Burnell Anderson, Macey Howarth, Rebecca Hanssen, William Haresceugh, Chris Jack, Zita Sattar, Acushla-Tara Kupe, Tillie Amartey, Isabella Pinto, Bella Band, Lola Ogunyemi, Elizabeth Bower, Gianluca Gallucci, Jacob Henshaw, Amelia Curtis, Romy Weltman, Justin Paul Kelly, Jordan Poole, Thamela Mpumlwana, Jake Sim, Leah Choudhry, Daniel Ogbeide-John, Emma Gregory, Rachel Leskovac, Andonis Anthony, Kyle Breitkopf, Julian Richings, Kathryn Emily Douglas A masked figure known as \"The Curious\" collects tales of dark magic, otherworldly encounters and twisted technology in this kids anthology series. foregin,family,suspenseforegin,family,suspense"},{"title":"In the Tall Grass","tags":" Vincenzo Natali Patrick Wilson, Laysla De Oliveira, Avery Whitted, Harrison Gilbertson, Rachel Wilson, Will Buie Jr. After hearing a boy's cry for help, a pregnant woman and her brother wade into a vast field of grass, only to discover there may be no way out. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Kids on the Block","tags":" Tug\u00e7e Soysop Selim Bayraktar, Berat Efe Parlar, Esat Polat G\u00fcler, Eda D\u00f6\u011fer, Dora Dalg\u0131\u00e7, Taha S\u00f6nmezisik, Zeynep Ilgin \u00c7elik, Arda Ta\u015farcan, Alperen Efe Esmer, \u0130lknur K\u00fclahl\u0131oglu, \u0130kra K\u00fclahl\u0131o\u011flu When their fun in the park is threatened by a neighborhood nagger, a group of friends declares war to play freely on their turf. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Peaky Blinders","tags":"  Cillian Murphy, Sam Neill, Helen McCrory, Paul Anderson, Iddo Goldberg, Annabelle Wallis, Sophie Rundle, Tom Hardy, Joe Cole, Ned Dennehy, Andy Nyman, Charlie Creed-Miles, Charlotte Riley, David Dawson, Jeffrey Postlethwaite, Matthew Postlethwaite, Ian Peck, Tony Pitts, Aidan Gillen, Adrien Brody, Charlie Murphy, Aimee-Ffion Edwards A notorious gang in 1919 Birmingham, England, is led by the fierce Tommy Shelby, a crime boss set on moving up in the world no matter the cost. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Raising Dion","tags":"  Alisha Wainwright, Ja'Siah Young, Jason Ritter, Michael B. Jordan, Jazmyn Simon, Ali Ahn, Sammi Haney A widowed mom sets out to solve the mystery surrounding her young son's emerging superpowers while keeping his extraordinary gifts under wraps. family,action,dramafamily,action,drama"},{"title":"Rotten","tags":"   This docuseries travels deep into the heart of the food supply chain to reveal unsavory truths and expose hidden forces that shape what we eat. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Super Monsters: Vida's First Halloween","tags":" Jacob Joice, Steve Ball Gigi Saul Guerrero, Elyse Maloway, Vincent Tong, Erin Mathews, Andrea Libman, Alessandro Juliani, Nicole Anthony, Diana Kaarina, Ian James Corlett, Britt McKillip, Kathleen Barr The Super Monsters share their Halloween traditions with Vida, then get invited to a D\u00eda de los Muertos party in the Howlers' backyard. familyfamily"},{"title":"Seis Manos","tags":"  Aislinn Derbez, Mike Colter, Jonny Cruz, Ang\u00e9lica Vale, Vic Chao, Danny Trejo Orphans raised by a martial arts master are plunged into a mystery involving demonic powers, drug cartels, ancient rituals and blood sacrifice. anime,actionanime,action"},{"title":"Living Undocumented","tags":"   Eight undocumented families' fates roller-coast as the United States' immigration policies are transformed. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Ready to Mingle","tags":" Luis Javier Henaine Cassandra Ciangherotti, Gabriela de la Garza, Ir\u00e1n Castillo, Sophie Alexander-Katz, Flor Eduarda Gurrola, Mariana Cabrera, Juan Pablo Medina, Pablo Cruz Guerrero, Diana Bovio, Andr\u00e9s Almeida After the man she thought she'd marry breaks up with her, Ana joins a class for single women who are in search of a husband. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Salam - The First ****** Nobel Laureate","tags":" Anand Kamalakar  Shunned by his country due to religion, Abdus Salam strives for an achievement that would define modern physics and redefine his place back home. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Cheese in the Trap","tags":" Lee Yoon-jung Park Hae-Jin, Kim Go-eun, Seo Kang-jun, Lee Sung-kyoung, Nam Joo-hyuk, Park Min-ji, Hwang Seog-jeong, Son Byung-ho, Ahn Kil-kang In this adaptation of a popular webtoon, a poor student trying to navigate college life gains the attention of a wealthy upperclassman with a dark side. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Chicago Typewriter","tags":"  Yoo Ah-in, Im Soo-jung, Ko Kyoung-pyo, Kwak Si-yang, Jo Woo-jin, Yang Jin-sung, Jeon Soo-kyeong, Ji Dae-han, Chun Ho-jin A veterinarian and two writers have a mysterious connection to Korean independence fighters from the Japanese colonial period. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"College Romance","tags":"  Manjot Singh, Apoorva Arora, Keshav Sadhna, Shreya Mehta, Hira Ashar, Gagan Arora Three best friends look for love, laughs and some lifelong memories while attending college together. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Engineering Girls","tags":"  Barkha Singh, Kritika Avasthi, Sejal Kumar Three engineering students deal with dorm drama, date around, and do whatever it takes to make their dreams come true. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"First Kiss","tags":" Roy Poortmans Vaj\u00e8n van den Bosch, Buddy Vedder, Leontine Borsato, Caroline de Bruijn, Stijn Fransen, Marije Zuurveld A starry-eyed employee of a hot cosmetics company hires a dreamy photographer who is secretly indebted to a major rival \u2013 her sketchy aunt. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Girls Hostel","tags":"  Srishti Shrivastava, Parul Gulati, Simran Natekar, Ahsaas Channa, Shreya Mehta, Gagan Arora, Trupti Khamkar, Khushbu Baid Four girls from different backgrounds become unlikely friends when they move into a dormitory for female dental students. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Inmates","tags":"  Kashyap Kapoor, Ashish Verma, Raghav Raj Kakker, Mukti Mohan, Akanksha Thakur While living under one roof, five close-knit 20-somethings maneuver the highs and lows of friendship, romantic entanglements and finding themselves. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Limitless","tags":" Vrinda Samartha  This documentary follows eight women in India who struggle with self-confidence and society's expectations but rediscover themselves through running. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Miniforce X","tags":"   Zenos wants to use the Earth\u2019s negative energy for his own good \u2013 and it's up to Miniforce X to stop this space alien\u2019s evil plans. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Nikki Glaser: Bangin\u2019","tags":" Nicholaus Goossen Nikki Glaser Nikki Glaser bares all in a blistering stand-up special about sex, sobriety and getting over her own insecurities. And she won't spare you the details. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Rugrats in Paris: The Movie","tags":" Stig Bergqvist, Paul Demeyer Elizabeth Daily, Tara Strong, Cheryl Chase, Christine Cavanaugh, Cree Summer, Kath Soucie, Michael Bell, Tress MacNeille, Casey Kasem, Joe Alaskey, Debbie Reynolds, Jack Riley, Susan Sarandon, John Lithgow The Rugrats take to the big screen and visit Paris when Mr. Pickles gets summoned to fix a giant robot at the EuroReptarland theme park. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The K2","tags":"  Ji Chang-wook, Song Yoon-a, Lim Yoona, Cho Seong-ha, Kim Kap-soo, Lee Jung-jin, Son Tae-young, Shin Dong-mi A fugitive soldier gets swept up in personal and political intrigue when he's hired as a bodyguard for the family of a presidential candidate. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Liar and His Lover","tags":"  Lee Hyun-woo, Joy, Lee Jung-jin, Lee Seo-won, Hong Seo-young, Choi Min-soo, Lim Ye-jin, Jang Ki-yong, Song Kang, Park Ji-young A talented singer falls in love at first sight with a music prodigy who has an affinity for lies \u2013 and a knack for being a hit-making producer. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Rugrats Movie","tags":" Igor Kovalyov, Norton Virgien Elizabeth Daily, Christine Cavanaugh, Kath Soucie, Melanie Chartoff, Phil Proctor, Cree Summer, Cheryl Chase, Tara Strong, Jack Riley, Joe Alaskey, Michael Bell, Tress MacNeille, Busta Rhymes, Whoopi Goldberg, David Spade When his baby brother Dil is born, Tommy Pickles and his pals decide that he's too much responsibility and try to return him to the hospital. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Squid and the Whale","tags":" Noah Baumbach Jeff Daniels, Laura Linney, Jesse Eisenberg, Owen Kline, William Baldwin, Halley Feiffer, Anna Paquin, Ken Leung, David Benger, Adam Rose This insightful drama looks at the crumbling marriage between a self-centered novelist \u2013 whose career is waning \u2013 and his up-and-coming writer wife. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Gotham","tags":" Danny Cannon Ben McKenzie, Donal Logue, Jada Pinkett Smith, David Mazouz, Sean Pertwee, Camren Bicondova, Robin Lord Taylor, Cory Michael Smith, Erin Richards, John Doman, Victoria Cartagena, Andrew Stewart-Jones, Larry Pine, Jessica Lucas, Maggie Geha, Charlie Tahan, Drew Powell, Morena Baccarin, Anthony Carrigan, Crystal Reed, Chris Chalk, Damian Young, Michael Buscemi, Alexander Siddig, Michael Maize Long before he was commissioner, rookie cop James Gordon takes on Gotham City crime and corruption to avenge the murder of Bruce Wayne's parents. action,action,dramaaction,action,drama"},{"title":"Mo Gilligan: Momentum","tags":" Chris Howe Mo Gilligan Comedian Mo Gilligan blends smooth moves and sharp humor as he riffs on humble beginnings, family dynamics and the complex art of dancing in the club. comedycomedy"},{"title":"TUNA GIRL","tags":" Mana Yasuda Fuka Koshiba, Tom Fujita, Hidetoshi Hoshida, Hiroto Kanai, Ryosuke Yusa, Shuri Tanaka, Chal Inoue, Takashi Taniguchi, Takeshi Masu A clumsy but cheerful fisheries student struggles to find her place at a research institute renowned for its tuna cultivation. The work isn't easy. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Bard of Blood","tags":"  Emraan Hashmi, Viineet Kumar, Sobhita Dhulipala, Jaideep Ahlawat, Kirti Kulhari, Sohum Shah, Rajit Kapoor, Danish Hussain Years after a disastrous job in Balochistan, a former Indian spy must confront his past when he returns to lead an unsanctioned hostage-rescue mission. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Deliha 2","tags":" Gupse \u00d6zay Gupse \u00d6zay, Eda Ece, Aksel Bonfil, Derya Alabora, Esin Eden, H\u00fclya Duyar, Ali \u00c7elik, Mert \u00d6ner While chasing her dream of becoming a chef, Zeliha cooks up trouble in the kitchen with her wild, kooky and unsuspecting ways. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"El Marginal","tags":"  Juan Minuj\u00edn, Martina Gusman, Gerardo Romano, Claudio Rissi, Carlos Portaluppi, Nicol\u00e1s Furtado, Cristina Banegas, Abel Ayala While investigating a kidnapping, an ex-cop sent to infiltrate a prison finds himself surrounded by dangerous felons who can't know his real identity. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"In the Shadow of the Moon","tags":" Jim Mickle Boyd Holbrook, Michael C. Hall, Cleopatra Coleman, Bokeem Woodbine, Rudi Dharmalingam, Rachel Keller A Philadelphia detective slowly unravels as he nurses a lifelong obsession with an enigmatic female serial killer whose crimes defy explanation. drama,fantasy,suspensedrama,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Sturgill Simpson Presents Sound & Fury","tags":" Jumpei Mizusaki, Koji Morimoto, Michael Arias, Masaru Matsumoto, Arthell Isom, Henry Thurlow, Takanobu Mizuno, Elsa Nakamichi, Hajime Sasaki, Shinji Takagi  In this anime visual album, a mysterious driver heads deep into a postapocalyptic hellscape toward a ferocious showdown with two monstrous opponents. anime,music,fantasyanime,music,fantasy"},{"title":"Malaal","tags":" Mangesh Hadawale Meezaan Jaffrey, Sharmin Segal, Chinmaya Surve, Anil Gawas, Sonal Jha, Sanjay Gurbaxani, Sameer Dharmadhikari, Deepak Damle Class divides become thorns in the budding romance between the crony of a nativist Mumbai politician and the new, North Indian resident of his chawl. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Grandmaster","tags":" Wong Kar Wai Tony Leung Chiu-wai, Zhang Ziyi, Chang Chen, Xiao Shen-Yang, Zhao Benshan, Song Hye-kyo, Wang Qingxiang, Zhang Jin, Lo Hoi-pang, Cung Le, Julian Cheung As the Japanese invasion looms, Chinese kung fu master Ip Man's world changes when rival master Gong Er and her father arrive in his village. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Inmate","tags":"  Ignacio Serricchio, Ana Claudia Talanc\u00f3n, Flavio Medina, Luis Felipe Tovar, Mariana Seoane, Guy Ecker, Isabella Castillo, Bradley Stryker, Gustavo S\u00e1nchez Parra, Leonardo Ortizgris, Alejandro Calva, Rodrigo Oviedo, Ram\u00f3n Med\u00edna, Erik Hayser, Tiar\u00e9 Scanda A former Marine poses as an inmate inside a Mexican prison in order to infiltrate a gang suspected of kidnapping a U.S. judge's teen daughter. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Abstract: The Art of Design","tags":"  Christoph Niemann, Tinker Hatfield, Es Devlin, Bjarke Ingels, Paula Scher, Platon, Ilse Crawford, Ralph Gilles Step inside the minds of the most innovative designers in a variety of disciplines and learn how design impacts every aspect of life. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Birders","tags":" Otilia Portillo Padua  Bird watchers on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border share their enthusiasm for protecting and preserving some of the world's most beautiful species. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Glitch","tags":"  Patrick Brammall, Genevieve O'Reilly, Emma Booth, Emily Barclay, Ned Dennehy, Sean Keenan, Hannah Monson, Aaron L. McGrath, John Leary, Rodger Corser, Andrew McFarlane, Luke Arnold, Rob Collins, Pernilla August A police officer and a doctor face an emotionally charged mystery when seven local residents inexplicably return from the dead in peak physical form. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Inside Man: Most Wanted","tags":" Michael J. Bassett Aml Ameen, Rhea Seehorn, Roxanne McKee, Urs Rechn, Akshay Kumar, Tanya van Graan, Andre Jacobs, Sven Ruygrok A hotshot NYPD negotiator butts heads with the FBI and meets his match in a meticulous criminal mastermind as she attempts to rob the Federal Reserve. actionaction"},{"title":"Jeff Dunham: Beside Himself","tags":" Troy Miller Jeff Dunham Jeff Dunham takes the stage in Dallas with his old pals Peanut, Walter, Jos\u00e9 Jalape\u00f1o, Bubba J and Achmed to poke fun at himself and American culture. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Manmadhudu 2","tags":" Rahul Ravindran Nagarjuna Akkineni, Rakul Preet Singh, Lakshmi, Rao Ramesh, Vennela Kishore, Jhansi, Devadarshini Chetan, Nishanti Under pressure to marry, a perennial bachelor hires a much younger woman to act as his fianc\u00e9e, but her bond with his family throws his plan for a loop. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Under the Eiffel Tower","tags":" Archie Borders Matt Walsh, Judith Godreche, Reid Scott, Michaela Watkins, David Wain, Gary Cole An American man in the midst of a mid-life crisis travels to the French countryside to find a new lease on life. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Do Paise Ki Dhoop Chaar Aane Ki Baarish","tags":" Deepti Naval Manisha Koirala, Rajit Kapoor, Sanaj Naval, Rajendra Gupta, Suhaas Khandke, Nassar Abdulla, Saurabh Dubey, Usha Jadhav, Ashwin Kaushal, Milind Soman When a sex worker hires a gay songwriter to care for her disabled son, the ensuing bonds that form offer a complex portrayal of love and family. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Vagabond","tags":"  Lee Seung-gi, Bae Suzy, Shin Sung-rok, Moon Jung-hee, Baek Yoon-sik, Moon Sung-keun, Lee Gyoung-young, Lee Ki-young, Kim Min-jong, Jung Man-sik, Hwang Bo-ra When his nephew dies in a plane crash, stunt man Cha Dal-geon resolves to find out what happened, with the help of covert operative Go Hae-ri. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"Between Two Ferns: The Movie","tags":" Scott Aukerman Zach Galifianakis, Lauren Lapkus, Ryan Gaul, Jiavani Linayao, Will Ferrell Armed with awkward questions and zero self-awareness, Zach Galifianakis hits the road to find famous interview subjects for his no-budget talk show. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Criminal: Germany","tags":"  Eva Meckbach, Sylvester Groth, Florence Kasumba, Peter Kurth, Christian Berkel, Nina Hoss, Christian Kuchenbuch, Jonathan Berlin, Deniz Arora In the interview room, detectives go head-to-head with suspects and try to get to the truth \u2013 even if it means breaking the rules and risking it all. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Criminal: Spain","tags":" Mariano Barroso Emma Su\u00e1rez, Jorge Bosch, \u00c1lvaro Cervantes, Carmen Machi, Inma Cuesta, Eduard Fern\u00e1ndez, Mar\u00eda Morales, Jos\u00e9 \u00c1ngel Egido, Daniel Chamorro, Javi Coll, Carlos Manuel D\u00edaz, Nuria Menc\u00eda, Milo Taboada Psychological games abound between detectives and suspects in a tense interrogation room, where the search for answers sometimes comes at a moral cost. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Fastest Car","tags":"   The drivers of exotic supercars put their street cred on the line against deceptively fast sleeper cars built and modified by true gearheads. showshow"},{"title":"Inside Bill's Brain: Decoding Bill Gates","tags":"  Bill Gates Take a trip inside the mind of Bill Gates as the billionaire opens up about those who influenced him and the audacious goals he's still pursuing. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"The Hockey Girls","tags":" Kiko Cruz Claverol, Patricia Font Iria del R\u00edo, Nora Navas, Josep Linuesa, Nat\u00e0lia Barrientos, D\u00e8lia Brufau, Yasmina Drissi Sales, J\u00falia Gibert, Mireia Oriol, Asia Ortega Leiva, Claudia Riera, Mireia Aixal\u00e0, Juli F\u00e0bregas, \u00c0gata Roca, Marc Clotet The passionate members of a girls' roller hockey team chase down victories in the rink while striving to make time for school, family and romance. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Travel Mates 2","tags":" Bedran G\u00fczel O\u011fuzhan Ko\u00e7, \u0130brahim B\u00fcy\u00fckak, Ezgi Ey\u00fcbo\u011flu, Olgun Toker, Kadir Polat\u00e7i, Aycan Koptur, Bahar \u015eahin, K\u0131van\u00e7 Baran Arslan When struggling singer Onur decides to return to his old job, incurable klutz \u015eeref organizes a surprise tour full of pitfalls and mishaps. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"True: Tricky Treat Day","tags":"  Michela Luci, Jamie Watson, Eric Peterson, Anna Claire Bartlam, Nicolas Aqui, Cory Doran, Julie Lemieux, Derek McGrath It's up to True and her friends to save the day when a hungry Yeti sneaks a forbidden treat and fills the kingdom with Howling Greenies. familyfamily"},{"title":"Kabir Singh","tags":" Sandeep Reddy Vanga Shahid Kapoor, Kiara Advani, Suresh Oberoi, Arjan Bajwa, Adil Hussain, Nikita Dutta, Kamini Kaushal, Anurag Arora An exalted but short-fused surgeon plunges into a spiral of drugs, alcohol and rage after his intense relationship with his girlfriend turbulently ends. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"When the Camellia Blooms","tags":"  Kong Hyo-jin, Kang Ha-neul, Kim Ji-seok, Oh Jung-se, Yeom Hye-ran, Son Dam-bi, Ji E-su, Go Du-sim Dongbaek is a single mother. When a potential new love enters her life, she finds ways to defy the social stigmas surrounding her. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Avengement","tags":" Jesse V. Johnson Scott Adkins, Craig Fairbrass, Thomas Turgoose, Nick Moran, Kierston Wareing, Mark Strange, Leo Gregory, Luke LaFontaine, Beau Fowler, Dan Styles Betrayed by his loan shark brother, a hardened convict escapes from prison while on furlough to exact revenge against the people who made him a killer. actionaction"},{"title":"Sebastian Maniscalco: What's Wrong with People?","tags":" Manny Rodriguez Sebastian Maniscalco With his uproarious tirade on modern behavior and decorum, the popular comic tackles the question we've all asked in this hilarious standup special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Los Tigres del Norte at Folsom Prison","tags":" Tom Donahue Los Tigres del Norte The beloved norte\u00f1o band Los Tigres del Norte performs for the inmates of Folsom Prison on the 50th anniversary of Johnny Cash's iconic concert. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Steal a Pencil for Me","tags":" Mich\u00e8le Ohayon Jack Polak, Ina Soep This moving documentary chronicles the unshakeable romance between a couple who met and fell in love while imprisoned in a Nazi concentration camp. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Surviving R. Kelly","tags":"  R. Kelly In this documentary series on the tangled history of allegations against musician R. Kelly, women give detailed accounts of sexual and mental abuse. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Oh! Baby","tags":" B. V. Nandini Reddy Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Lakshmi, Rajendraprasad, Naga Shourya, Rao Ramesh, Teja Sajja, Pragathi, Jagapathi Babu, Aishwarya, Urvashi A surly septuagenarian gets another chance at her 20s after having her photo snapped at a studio that magically takes 50 years off her life. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Crystal Calls Making the Dark Crystal: Age of Resistance","tags":" Randall Lobb Taron Egerton, Natalie Dormer, Simon Pegg, Jason Isaacs Go behind the scenes with stars, puppeteers and creators as they bring Jim Henson's magical world of Thra back to life in a sweeping fantasy series. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Hello, Privilege. It's Me, Chelsea","tags":" Alex Stapleton Chelsea Handler In this documentary, Chelsea Handler explores how white privilege impacts American culture \u2013 and the ways it\u2019s benefited her own life and career. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress: The Battle of Unato","tags":"  Tasuku Hatanaka, Sayaka Senbongi, Maaya Uchida, Toshiki Masuda, Kanae Oki, Mariya Ise, Ryota Osaka, Kensuke Sato, Maxwell Powers, Shinichiro Miki Ikoma and the Iron Fortress take their fight to the battlegrounds of Unato, joining the alliance to reclaim the region from the kabane horde. anime,foregin,suspenseanime,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Locked on You","tags":" K\u0131van\u00e7 Baru\u00f6n\u00fc Ata Demirer, Demet Akba\u011f, Gonca Vuslateri, \u0130lker Aksum, Tar\u0131k \u00dcnl\u00fco\u011flu, Erkan Can, Hande Dane, Ayten Uncuo\u011flu, Hakan Sal\u0131nm\u0131\u015f, \u0130\u015ftar G\u00f6kseven When his chatty nature lands him in trouble, an unlucky meatball seller flees Istanbul and finds a new life on a beautiful island. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Marianne","tags":"  Victoire Du Bois, Lucie Boujenah, Tiphaine Daviot, Ralph Amoussou, Bellamine Abdelmalek, Mehdi Meskar, Alban Lenoir, Mireille Herbstmeyer, Corinne Valancogne, Patrick d'Assum\u00e7ao, Pierre Aussedat Lured back to her hometown, a famous horror writer discovers that the evil spirit who plagues her dreams is now wreaking havoc in the real world. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Shanghai Fortress","tags":" Teng Huatao Lu Han, Shu Qi, Shi Liang, Godfrey Gao, Wang Gongliang, Wang Sen, Sun Jialing, Vincent Matile A young man falls for a heroic general and soon follows her footsteps as humans defend Earth against extraterrestrials seeking a precious energy source. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Tall Girl","tags":" Nzingha Stewart Ava Michelle, Griffin Gluck, Sabrina Carpenter, Paris Berelc, Luke Eisner, Clara Wilsey, Anjelika Washington, Rico Paris, Angela Kinsey, Steve Zahn After years of slouching through life, 6-foot-1 teen Jodi resolves to conquer her insecurities and gets caught up in a high school love triangle. family,comedy,romancefamily,comedy,romance"},{"title":"Unbelievable","tags":"  Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, Kaitlyn Dever, Dale Dickey, Scott Lawrence, Danielle Macdonald, Austin H\u00e9bert, Eric Lange, Elizabeth Marvel After a young woman is accused of lying about a rape, two female detectives investigate a spate of eerily similar attacks. Inspired by true events. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"The I-Land","tags":"  Natalie Martinez, Kate Bosworth, Ronald Peet, Kyle Schmid, Alex Pettyfer, Sibylla Deen, Gilles Geary, Anthony Lee Medina, Kota Eberhardt, Michelle Veintimilla, Bruce McGill Wiped clean of memories and thrown together, a group of strangers fight to survive harsh realities \u2013 and the island that traps them. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"The Mind, Explained","tags":"  Emma Stone Ever wonder what's happening inside your head? From dreaming to anxiety disorders, discover how your brain works with this illuminating series. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Bill Burr: Paper Tiger","tags":" Mike Binder Bill Burr Bill Burr unloads on outrage culture, male feminism, cultural appropriation, robot sex and more in a blistering stand-up special shot in London. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Evelyn","tags":" Orlando von Einsiedel  Haunted by the suicide of a brother, a director and his kin walk across the U.K. in an emotionally trying, visually sublime journey toward healing. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Article 15","tags":" Anubhav Sinha Ayushmann Khurrana, Nassar, Manoj Pahwa, Kumud Mishra, Isha Talwar, Sayani Gupta, Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub, Subhrajyoti Barat, Sushil Pandey, Aakash Dabhade The grim realities of caste discrimination come to light as an entitled but upright city cop ventures into India\u2019s heartland to investigate a murder. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Care of Kancharapalem","tags":" Maha Venkatesh Subba Rao Vepada, Radha Bessy, Kesava Karri, Nithyasri Goru, Karthik Rathnam, Praneetha Patnaik, Mohan Bhagath, Praveena Paruchuri From a schoolboy\u2019s crush to a middle-aged bachelor\u2019s office romance, four love stories spanning age, religion and status unfold in a small Indian town. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ee Nagaraniki Emaindi","tags":" Tharun Bhascker Vishwaksen Naidu, Sushanth Reddy, Abhinav Gomatam, Venkatesh Kakumanu, Anisha Ambrose, Simran Choudhary In Goa and in desperate need of cash, four childhood friends get another shot at making their long-abandoned dreams of becoming filmmakers come true. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Kill Me If You Dare","tags":" \u015eenol S\u00f6nmez Murat Boz, Seda Bakan, A\u00e7elya Topalo\u011flu, \u00d6zg\u00fcr Emre Y\u0131ld\u0131r\u0131m, Seda G\u00fcven, Yosi Mizrahi, Dil\u015fad \u015eim\u015fek, Ali Yo\u011furt\u00e7uo\u011flu Bogged down with money problems, a couple grows cautious of each other but hit the lottery and decide to stay together \u2013 till death do they part. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Spy","tags":"  Sacha Baron Cohen, Noah Emmerich, Hadar Ratzon Rotem, Alexander Siddig, Waleed Zuaiter, Nassim Lyes In the 1960s, Israeli clerk-turned-secret agent Eli Cohen goes deep undercover inside Syria on a perilous, years-long mission to spy for Mossad. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"American Factory: A Conversation with the Obamas","tags":"  President Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, Julia Reichert, Steven Bognar Barack and Michelle Obama talk with directors Steven Bognar and Julia Reichert about the documentary and the importance of storytelling. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Saawan","tags":" Farhan Alam Karam Hussain, Arif Bahlim, Najiba Faiz, Saleem Mairaj, Imran Aslam, Daniyal Yousuf, Sohail Malik, Ali Hafiz Outcast from society and left to die in the wilderness, a young boy with polio embarks on a journey to connect with his mother. Based on a true story. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Watchman","tags":" A. L. Vijay G.V. Prakash Kumar, Samyuktha Hegde, Suman, Raj Arjun, Yogi Babu, Munishkanth Rushing to pay off a loan shark, a young man breaks into a bungalow to steal the cash, unprepared for the dog standing guard \u2013 or the trouble inside. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Elena","tags":" Petra Costa  In this documentary, the director remembers a sister who left behind her life under Brazil\u2019s dictatorship and moved to New York with dreams of acting. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Moving Art","tags":"   Experience nature's art as filmmaker Louie Schwartzberg highlights the beauty that lurks in oceans, forests, deserts and flowers. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Naruto","tags":" Hayato Date Junko Takeuchi, Chie Nakamura, Noriaki Sugiyama, Kazuhiko Inoue, Toshihiko Seki, Hidekatsu Shibata, Masako Katsuki, Nana Mizuki Guided by the spirit demon within him, orphaned Naruto learns to harness his powers as a ninja in this anime adventure series. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Olmo & the Seagull","tags":" Petra Costa, Lea Glob Olivia Corsini, Sergio Nicolai, Arman Saribekyan, Sylvain Jailloux, Francis Ressort, Pancho Garcia Aguirre, Shaghayegh Beheshti, Elena Bellei, S\u00e9bastien Brottet-Michel, C\u00e9lia Catalifo A pregnancy forces an actress out of her latest play and into a difficult confrontation with her own rapidly transforming reflection. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Serial Killer with Piers Morgan","tags":"  Piers Morgan Through intense prison interviews, Piers Morgan revisits the crimes of three convicted serial killers and learns more about their motives. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"Spookley the Square Pumpkin","tags":" Bernie Denk Sonja Ball, Craig Francis, Rick Jones, Michel Perron, Holly Gauthier-Frankel, Norman Groulx, Terrence Scammell, Bruce Dinsmore, Jennifer Seguin When a storm terrorizes his patch, a pumpkin cast out for his shape must step up to use his smarts to save the day \u2013 and to prove himself. familyfamily"},{"title":"Uncle Naji in UAE","tags":" Ahmed Zain Ibrahim Almeirasi, Ahmed Saif, Alia Almannai, Mohamed Morshed, Mohamed Alkendi, Tariq Almuhairi Two young Yemeni business partners decide to go on vacation in the UAE with a few local friends, but their fun trip soon turns terrifying. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Luo Bao Bei","tags":"  Hana Burnett, Natalia-Jade Jonathan, Leo Tang, Gok Wan, Ching-He Huang, Pik Sen Lim, David Yip A bright and spirited seven-year-old girl uses her vivid, dreamlike imagination to navigate everyday adventures alongside her real and imaginary BFFs. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Feo pero sabroso","tags":" Fernando Ayll\u00f3n Iv\u00e1n Mar\u00edn, Lina Cardona, Carlos Barbosa, Ana Cristina Botero, Karine Amaya, Fabiola Posada, Nelson Polan\u00eda, Andrea Carvajal, Roc\u00edo Tavera, Alberto Saavedra, Christian L\u00f3pez, Jorge Herrera, Ricardo Quevedo When an unattractive man gets engaged to a beautiful woman, their families oppose the union and the priest set to perform the ceremony is kidnapped. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Mi amigo Alexis","tags":" Alejandro Fern\u00e1ndez Almendras Luciano Gonz\u00e1lez, Alexis S\u00e1nchez, Daniel Mu\u00f1oz, Ignacia Uribe, Marco Baeza, Manuela Oyarz\u00fan, Camilo Carmona, Alejandra Ya\u00f1ez, Lorna Campos, Gustavo Becerra When a young soccer fan and his idol forge an unexpected friendship, the connection teaches them both lessons about life and their love of the game. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"The Dark Crystal: Age of Resistance","tags":"  Taron Egerton, Nathalie Emmanuel, Anya Taylor-Joy, Donna Kimball, Mark Hamill, Simon Pegg, Helena Bonham Carter, Lena Headey, Alicia Vikander, Awkwafina, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Benedict Wong, Caitriona Balfe, Natalie Dormer, Harvey Fierstein, Andy Samberg, Ralph Ineson, Jason Isaacs, Eddie Izzard, Theo James, Hannah John-Kamen, Toby Jones, Keegan-Michael Key, Mark Strong, Sigourney Weaver, \u00d3lafur Darri \u00d3lafsson As power-hungry overlords drain life from the planet Thra, a group of brave Gelfling unite on a quest to save their world and fight off the darkness. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"The Good Bandit","tags":"  Diego V\u00e1squez, Carolina Acevedo, Norma Nivia, Ana Mar\u00eda Arango, \u00c1lvaro Bayona, Katherine Porto, Tiberio Cruz, Felipe Calero, Jimena Dur\u00e1n, Andr\u00e9s Toro, Sebasti\u00e1n S\u00e1nchez, Isabella Barrag\u00e1n A near-death experience spurs a feared drug lord to leave behind his life of crime and infidelity, to the disbelief of everyone close to him. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"True and the Rainbow Kingdom","tags":"  Michela Luci, Jamie Watson, Anna Claire Bartlam, Dante Zee, Eric Peterson When something's wrong in the Rainbow Kingdom, bighearted guardian True and her best friend, Bartleby, are there to grant wishes and save the day. familyfamily"},{"title":"Unbridled","tags":" Jota Linares Natalia de Molina, Daniel Grao, Natalia Mateo, Ignacio Mateos, Borja Luna, Mario Tard\u00f3n, Mariana Cordero Desperate to keep her husband\u2019s secret, a devoted politician\u2019s wife struggles to stave off threats that could ruin their promising new life. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Falling Inn Love","tags":" Roger Kumble Christina Milian, Adam Demos, Jeffrey Bowyer-Chapman, Anna Jullienne, Claire Chitham, Blair Strang, Jonathan Martin, William Walker, Daniel Watterson, Simone Walker When a San Francisco exec wins a New Zealand inn, she ditches city life to remodel and flip the rustic property with help from a handsome contractor. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Kardec","tags":" Wagner de Assis Leonardo Medeiros, Sandra Corveloni, Genezio de Barros, Guilherme Piva, Leonardo Franco, Dalton Vigh, Charles Baudin, Julia Konrad In Catholic 19th-century France, professor L\u00e9on Rivail attends a s\u00e9ance and is moved to found spiritism, putting him in the authorities' sights. drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Travis Scott: Look Mom I Can Fly","tags":" White Trash Tyler Travis Scott While crafting his Grammy-nominated album \"Astroworld,\" Travis Scott juggles controversy, fatherhood and career highs in this intimate documentary. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Million Pound Menu","tags":"   Next-gen restaurateurs get the chance to open their own pop-up eateries to impress the paying public \u2013 and a panel of discerning U.K. investors. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Dave Chappelle: Sticks & Stones","tags":" Stan Lathan Dave Chappelle Dave Chappelle takes on gun culture, the opioid crisis and the tidal wave of celebrity scandals in a defiant stand-up special filmed in Atlanta. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Drink Drank Drunk","tags":" Yeung Yat-Tak Carlos Chan, Ken Hung, Deep Ng, Michelle Wai, Yee Tong, Felix Lok, Kin-Yan Lee Too hungover to report as a witness in a criminal trial the day after his birthday party, a young man and his pals do some unexpected soul-searching. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"13 Reasons Why: Beyond the Reasons","tags":"  Dylan Minnette, Katherine Langford, Kate Walsh, Derek Luke, Alisha Boe, Justin Prentice, Brandon Flynn, Miles Heizer, Christian Navarro, Brian Yorkey, Tom McCarthy, Selena Gomez, Mandy Teefey, Jay Asher, Dr. Rona Hu, Dr. Helen Hsu, Dr. Rebecca Hedrick, Alexis Jones, Elaine Welteroth, Julia Bicknell, Dr. Christine Moutier, Nic Sheff, Carrie Goldberg, Anne Winters, Joy Gorman, Brandon Butler, Marissa Jo Cerar, Susanne Timms Cast members, writers, producers and mental health professionals discuss some of the difficult issues and themes explored in \"13 Reasons Why.\" action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Kaake Da Viyah","tags":" Rai Yuvraj Bains Priti Sapru, Nirmal Rishi, Jordan Sandhu, Prabh Grewal, Karamjit Anmol, Harby Sangha, Gurmeet Sajan, Prince Kanwaljit Singh In this zany comedy, a man is torn between the girl he loves and the respective women his warring mother and grandmother have chosen for him to marry. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Marriage Palace","tags":" Sunil Thakur Sharry Mann, Payal Rajput, Jaswinder Bhalla, B.N. Sharma, Harby Sangha, Nirmal Rishi, Anita Devgan, Rupinder Roopi After a young man charms the girl he loves into accepting his proposal, an accidental swap on their wedding day leads him to marry the wrong bride. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Mayday Life","tags":" Muh Chen Mayday, Huang Bo, Tony Leung Ka-fai Mayday's Life Tour concert unfolds as five fading superheroes are summoned to save the world from an extraterrestrial enemy that detests sound. foregin,musicforegin,music"},{"title":"Saavat","tags":" Saurabh Sinha Smita Tambe, Milind Shirole, Shwetambari Ghute, Shitanshu Kumar Sharad, Nishikant Rawji, Sanjivani Khanvilkar In rural India, a detective's investigation of seven confounding suicides uncovers revelations about the myths and mindsets of the rest of the village. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"American Factory","tags":" Steven Bognar, Julia Reichert  In this documentary, hopes soar when a Chinese company reopens a shuttered factory in Ohio. But a culture clash threatens to shatter an American dream. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Game Over (Tamil Version)","tags":" Ashwin Saravanan Taapsee Pannu, Vinodhini, Parvathi T, Ramya Subramanian, Sanchana Natarajan, Anish Kuruvilla, David Solomon Raja As a series of murders hit close to home, a video game designer with post-traumatic stress must confront her demons, or risk becoming their victim. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Hyperdrive","tags":"  Rutledge Wood, Mike Hill, Michael Bisping, Lindsay Czarniak Elite street racers from around the world test their limits in supercharged custom cars on the biggest, baddest automotive obstacle course ever built. showshow"},{"title":"The Girl Allergic to Wi-Fi","tags":" Jun Lana Sue Ramirez, Jameson Blake, Markus Paterson, Angellie Sa\u00f1o When an internet-obsessed teen develops a rare illness that forces her to move to a remote town, she must navigate her relationships without technology. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Our Planet - Behind The Scenes","tags":"  David Attenborough Years spent recording footage of creatures from every corner of the globe is bound to produce a bit of drama. Here's a behind-the-scenes look. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Simon Amstell: Set Free","tags":" Julia Knowles Simon Amstell Honest, introspective comic Simon Amstell digs deep and delivers a uniquely vulnerable stand-up set on love, ego, intimacy and ayahuasca. comedycomedy"},{"title":"45 rpm","tags":"  Carlos Cuevas, Guiomar Puerta, Iv\u00e1n Marcos, Israel Elejalde, Eudald Font, Luis Larrodera, Carmen Guti\u00e9rrez, Diana G\u00f3mez, Vito Sanz, Marina San Jos\u00e9, Pere Ponce, Joan Pera In 1960s Madrid, music producer Guillermo Rojas launches a rock 'n' roll label with the help of aspiring singer Robert and clever producer Maribel. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Apache: The Life of Carlos Tevez","tags":"  Balthazar Murillo, Vanesa Gonz\u00e1lez, Alberto Ajaka, Sof\u00eda Gala Castiglione, Patricio Contreras, Mat\u00edas Recalt, Osqui Guzm\u00e1n, Roberto Vallejos, Diego Gallardo This gritty dramatization of the life of Carlos Tevez shows his rise to soccer stardom amid the harrowing conditions in Argentina's Fuerte Apache. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Better Than Us","tags":"  Paulina Andreeva, Kirill K\u00e4ro, Aleksandr Ustyugov, Olga Lomonosova, Eldar Kalimulin, Vitaliya Kornienko, Vera Panfilova, Aleksandr Kuznetsov, Fyodor Lavrov, Sergey Sosnovskiy, Kirill Polukhin, Pavel Vorontsov A family on the brink of splitting up become the owners of a cutting-edge robot being sought by a corporation, homicide investigators and terrorists. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Diagnosis","tags":"  Lisa Sanders Dr. Lisa Sanders crowdsources diagnoses for mysterious and rare medical conditions in a documentary series based on her New York Times Magazine column. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Green Frontier","tags":"  Juana del R\u00edo, \u00c1ngela Cano, Miguel Dionisio Ramos, Nelson Camayo, Bruno Clairefond, Marcela Mar, Andr\u00e9s Crespo, John Narv\u00e1ez, Edwin Morales, Karla L\u00f3pez, Antonio Bol\u00edvar When a young Bogot\u00e1-based detective gets drawn into the jungle to investigate four femicides, she uncovers magic, an evil plot and her own true origins. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Invader Zim: Enter the Florpus","tags":"  Richard Steven Horvitz, Rikki Simons, Andy Berman, Melissa Fahn, Rodger Bumpass, Jhonen Vasquez, Wally Wingert, Kevin McDonald, Olivia d'Abo, Eric Bauza When Zim reappears to begin the next phase of his evil alien plan to conquer Earth, his nemesis Dib Membrane sets out to unmask him once and for all. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"MINDHUNTER","tags":"  Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Cotter Smith, Hannah Gross In the late 1970s two FBI agents expand criminal science by delving into the psychology of murder and getting uneasily close to all-too-real monsters. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Selfless","tags":" Tarsem Singh Ryan Reynolds, Natalie Martinez, Matthew Goode, Ben Kingsley, Victor Garber, Derek Luke, Michelle Dockery, Melora Hardin, Brendan McCarthy, Sam Page A dying tycoon has his consciousness transplanted into the body of a healthy young man, only to make a troubling discovery about the body's origin. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Sextuplets","tags":" Michael Tiddes Marlon Wayans, Bresha Webb, Michael Ian Black, Glynn Turman, Molly Shannon, Debbi Morgan When a dad-to-be learns he's actually a sextuplet, he sets off on a wild journey to meet his long-lost family. Marlon Wayans stars as all six siblings. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Super Monsters Back to School","tags":"  Elyse Maloway, Vincent Tong, Erin Matthews, Andrea Libman, Alessandro Juliani, Nicole Anthony, Diana Kaarina, Gigi Saul Guerrero, Ian James Corlett, Britt McKillip, Kathleen Barr The Super Monsters welcome Vida to her new home in Pitchfork Pines with a tour of their favorite places, then help her through her first day at school. familyfamily"},{"title":"The King's Avatar","tags":"  Yang Yang, Jiang Shuying, Lai Yumeng, Li Muchen, Lai Yi, Fan Jinwei, Jiang Long, Sun Ning, Li Junchen, Zhao Chulun, Liu Qiushi, Jiang Xueming, Liang Yimu, Yang Tindong, Gao Hanyu, Kuang Muye, Ji Xiangning, Hao Shuai, Song Hanyu, Gu Youming When an elite gamer is forced out of his professional team, he becomes a manager of an Internet caf\u00e9 and reinvents himself to return to online glory. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"The Little Switzerland","tags":" Kepa Sojo Jon Plazaola, Maggie Civantos, Ingrid Garc\u00eda Jonsson, Lander Otaola, Secun de la Rosa, Ram\u00f3n Barea, Maribel Salas, Mikel Losada, Pepe Rapazote, Enrique Vill\u00e9n, Kandido Uranga, Anabela Teixeira, Karra Elejalde, Antonio Resines The discovery of the tomb of William Tell\u2019s son in a town in the Basque Country spurs the village's cantankerous citizens to lobby for Swiss annexation. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Victim Number 8","tags":"  C\u00e9sar Mateo, Mar\u00eda de Nati, Ver\u00f3nika Moral, I\u00f1aki Ardanaz, Farah Hamed, Lisi Linder, Khaled Kouka, \u00d3scar Zafra, Jes\u00fas Ruyman, Alfonso Torregrosa, Itziar Lazkano, Son Khoury, Youssef Bougarouane, Marcial \u00c1lvarez No one can be trusted after a terrorist bombing in Bilbao kills seven and destroys the lives of the suspected jihadi and everyone around him. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"Cannon Busters","tags":"  Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Hinaki Yano, Shiori Izawa, Junji Majima, Yosuke Akimoto, Nobuyuki Hiyama, Takaya Kuroda, Katsuhisa Houki, Taro Yamaguchi, Junko Minagawa, Tomomi Maruyama Immortal renegade Philly the Kid and his transforming pink Cadillac join a relentlessly upbeat friendship droid on her quest to find a missing prince. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Sacred Games","tags":" Vikramaditya Motwane, Anurag Kashyap Saif Ali Khan, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Radhika Apte, Neeraj Kabi, Jitendra Joshi A link in their pasts leads an honest cop to a fugitive gang boss, whose cryptic warning spurs the officer on a quest to save Mumbai from cataclysm. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Til Death Do Us Part","tags":" Cho Li, Chen Hung-yi, Weica Wang, Liu Bang-yao, Lin Guan-fu, Shen Chi, YC Tom Lee Wen Chen-ling, River Huang, Lin He-xuan, Phoebe Lin, Janel Tsai, Dara Hanfman, Hsia Teng-hung, Nikki Hsin-Ying Hsieh Based on the speculative short stories of MirrorFiction, this sci-fi thriller anthology plunges headlong into our deepest desires \u2013 and darkest fears. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Whindersson Nunes: Adult","tags":" Diego Pignataro Whindersson Nunes Brazilian YouTube sensation Whindersson Nunes revisits his humble beginnings and much more in a series of playful stories and peculiar songs. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Uyare","tags":" Manu Ashokan Parvathy, Asif Ali, Tovino Thomas, Siddique, Pratap Pothan, Samyuktha Menon, Anarkali Marikar, Prem Prakash An aspiring pilot fights for her future \u2013 and justice \u2013 after surviving an acid attack from her abusive boyfriend. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"90 ML","tags":" Anita Udeep Oviya, Masoom Shankar, Bommu Lakshmi, Monisha Ram, Tej Raj, Shree Gopika, Anson Paul, Devadarshini Chetan Four friends shake up their lives when they meet a new woman in their apartment complex who encourages them to embrace their wild sides. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Calum von Moger: Unbroken","tags":" Vlad Yudin Calum Von Moger Bodybuilder and two-time Mr. Universe, Calum von Moger, reflects on his rise to fame and battle to come back from a debilitating injury. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Hasta los dientes","tags":" Alberto Arnaut Estrada  This documentary follows the controversy surrounding the 2010 murders of two students, who were framed as criminals and killed by the Mexican military. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Knightfall","tags":"  Tom Cullen, Jim Carter, P\u00e1draic Delaney, Simon Merrells, Julian Ovenden, Olivia Ross, Ed Stoppard, Sabrina Bartlett, Bobby Schofield, Sarah-Sofie Boussnina Fifteen years after the Crusades ended in defeat, a veteran knight becomes master of his order's Paris temple and discovers a shocking secret. dramadrama"},{"title":"DC Super Hero Girls","tags":"  Grey Griffin, Tara Strong, Nicole Sullivan, Kari Wahlgren, Myrna Velasco, Kimberly Brooks As Metropolis High students, super teens Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Bumblebee, Batgirl, Zatanna, and Green Lantern fight crime, classwork and crushes. familyfamily"},{"title":"GLOW","tags":"  Alison Brie, Betty Gilpin, Marc Maron, Britney Young, Sydelle Noel, Gayle Rankin, Sunita Mani, Kimmy Gatewood, Rebekka Johnson, Jackie Tohn, Ellen Wong, Kate Nash, Britt Baron, Kia Stevens, Chris Lowell, Alex Rich In 1980s LA, a crew of misfits reinvent themselves as the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling. A comedy by the team behind \"Orange Is the New Black.\" comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"IZombie","tags":"  Rose McIver, Malcolm Goodwin, Rahul Kohli, Robert Buckley, David Anders, Aly Michalka A medical student-turned-zombie tries to retain her humanity by eating brains at the morgue and finds she has an uncanny new gift for solving crimes. comedy,drama,suspensecomedy,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Jaoon Kahan Bata Ae Dil","tags":" Aadish Keluskar Khushboo Upadhyay, Rohit Kokate, Himanshu Kohli, Mohammed Shakir A couple\u2019s caustic, increasingly jarring interactions over a Mumbai evening strain their relationship until it threatens to break at its fraying seams. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Rocko's Modern Life: Static Cling","tags":" Joe Murray, Cosmo Segurson Carlos Alazraqui, Tom Kenny, Charlie Adler, Jill Talley, Mr. Lawrence, Joe Murray After 20 years in space, Rocko struggles to adjust to life in 21st century O-Town and makes it his mission to get his favorite show back on the air. family,comedy,lgbtfamily,comedy,lgbt"},{"title":"Sintonia","tags":"  Christian Malheiros, Jottap\u00ea, Bruna Mascarenhas Three teens living in the same S\u00e3o Paulo favela pursue their dreams while maintaining their friendship, amid a world of music, drugs and religion. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Family","tags":" Jesse Moss James Cromwell, David Rysdahl, Ben Rosenfield, Zachary Booth An enigmatic conservative Christian group known as the Family wields enormous influence in Washington, D.C., in pursuit of its global ambitions. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Bad Guys","tags":"  Kim Sang-jung, Ma Dong-seok, Park Hae-Jin, Cho Dong-hyuk, Kang Ye-won, Kang Shin-il, Ji-a Min, Hwang Seung-eon Reinstated to eradicate the worst crimes in the city, a detective requests the release of three convicts to enlist their help in catching the felons. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Dollar","tags":"  Adel Karam, Amel Bouchoucha Beautiful executive assistant Zeina reluctantly teams up with the self-assured Tarek to chase down an elusive dollar bill worth $1 million. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Jane The Virgin","tags":"  Gina Rodriguez, Andrea Navedo, Yael Grobglas, Justin Baldoni, Ivonne Coll, Brett Dier, Jaime Camil, Anthony Mendez After vowing to remain chaste until marriage, Jane Villanueva learns she's pregnant due to a medical slip-up and has to rethink her future. romance,comedy,dramaromance,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Let's Eat 2","tags":"  Yoon Du-jun, Seo Hyun-jin, Kwon Yul, Kim Hee-won, Hwang Seog-jeong, Cho Eun-ji, Hwang Seung-un, Lee Ju-seung, Kim Ji-young Two classmates from elementary school reunite as next-door neighbors and discover their relationship was \u2013 and still is \u2013 defined by food. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Let\u2019s Eat","tags":"  Lee Soo-kyung, Yoon Du-jun, Yoon So-hui, Shim Hyoung-tak, Do-yeon Lee, Jang Won-young, Jung Soo-young With the help of her neighbors, a divorced woman residing in a one-person-household apartment complex learns to balance living alone and eating well. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Misaeng","tags":"  Im Si-wan, Kang So-ra, Lee Sung-min, Kang Ha-neul, Byun Yo-han, Kim Dae-myeong, Shin Eun-jung, Park Hae-joon Equipped with nothing more than a GED and strategies for the game of go, an office intern gets thrown into the cold reality of the corporate world. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Oh My Ghost","tags":"  Park Bo-young, Cho Jung-seok, Lim Ju-hwan, Kim Seul-ki Possessed by the ghost of a lustful virgin, a timid assistant chef becomes confidently libidinous, drawing the attention of a haughty culinary star. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Reply 1994","tags":" Shin Won-ho Go Ara, Jung Woo, Sung Dong-il, Dohee, Son Ho-jun, Kim Sung-kyun, Cha Seon-wu, Yoo Yeon-seok, Lee Il-hwa All hailing from various parts of Korea, a group of college students go from being complete strangers to a big happy family at a Seoul boarding house. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Reply 1997","tags":" Shin Won-ho Jung Eun-ji, Seo In-guk, Shin So-yul, Ji-won Eun, Lee Ho-won, Lee Si-eon, Sung Dong-il, Lee Il-hwa, Song Jong-ho As a teen, Shi Won was obsessed with a boy band. Now 33 years old, Shi Won and her friends are reviving their memories as their school reunion nears. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Wu Assassins","tags":"  Iko Uwais, Katheryn Winnick, Byron Mann, Tommy Flanagan, Li Jun Li, Celia Au, Lewis Tan, Lawrence Kao, Juju Chan, Tzi Ma, Cranston Johnson, Mark Dacascos, Kevin Durand, Jeff Fahey, Summer Glau An unassuming San Francisco chef becomes the latest in a long line of assassins chosen to keep the mystical Wu powers out of the wrong hands. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Badla","tags":" Sujoy Ghosh Amitabh Bachchan, Taapsee Pannu, Amrita Singh, Tony Luke, Manav Kaul When a woman is accused of killing her lover, a renowned lawyer is hired \u2013 but the more they try to  untangle the truth, the more convoluted it becomes. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Theo Von: No Offense","tags":" John Asher Theo Von Southern charmer Theo Von offers up a twisted take on his dating mishaps, meeting Brad Pitt, chasing down fugitive chimpanzees and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Crazy Beautiful You","tags":" Mae Czarina Cruz Kathryn Bernardo, Daniel Padilla, Lorna Tolentino, Gabby Concepcion, Inigo Pascual A rebellious daughter accompanies her mother on a medical mission where she falls for the handsome politician's son assigned to be her chaperone. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"I'm Brent Morin","tags":" Lance Bangs Brent Morin In a witty solo show, Brent Morin serves up infectious laughs on the agony of puberty, hot guy problems and the time a girl dumped him for a magician. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Jim Jefferies : BARE","tags":" Shannon Hartman Jim Jefferies Nothing is sacred in this show from Australian comic Jim Jefferies, whether it\u2019s the mother of his child, auditioning disabled actors, or gun control. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Screwball","tags":" Billy Corben  A steroid peddler explains how he went from an unlicensed anti-aging expert to the point man for the biggest scandal in baseball history. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Sebastian Maniscalco: Why Would You Do That","tags":" Joe DeMaio Sebastian Maniscalco Sebastian Maniscalco delivers an expressive stand-up at the legendary Beacon Theatre on Whole Foods, family nicknames and dodging obnoxious neighbors. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Enter the Anime","tags":" Alex Burunova Kozo Morishita, Yoko Takahashi, Shinji Aramaki, Kenji Kamiyama What is anime? Through deep-dives with notable masterminds of this electrifying genre, this fast-paced peek behind the curtain seeks to find the answers. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"No Good Nick","tags":"  Melissa Joan Hart, Sean Astin, Siena Agudong, Lauren Lindsey Donzis, Kalama Epstein A family finds their lives turned upside down when a teenage con artist shows up on their doorstep, claiming she's a distant relative. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"No One Will Ever Know","tags":" Jes\u00fas Torres Torres Adriana Paz, Jorge A. Jim\u00e9nez, David Medel, Arcelia Ram\u00edrez, Luciano Marti, Joanna Larequi, Claudia Santiago, Paul Choza, Gabriel Casanova, Alisson Santiago, Manuel Ojeda, Ofelia Medina, Silvia Pasquel A mother and young son escape into their own imaginations to ignore the reality of their lives in rural Mexico. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Misfit","tags":" Erwin van den Eshof Djamila, Niek Roozen, Bente Fokkens, Jolijn Henneman, Fenna Ramos, Jill Schirnhofer, Donny Roelvink, D\u00e9fano Holwijn, Luca Gilliot After living in America for years, a teenage girl moves back to the Netherlands and is quickly singled out as a misfit by the popular clique at school. family,comedy,foreginfamily,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Basketball or Nothing","tags":"   Follow the Chinle High basketball team in Arizona's Navajo Nation on a quest to win a state championship and bring pride to their isolated community. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"Otherhood","tags":"   Feeling forgotten on Mother's Day, three best friends leave the suburbs and drive to New York City to surprise their adult sons. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Uriyadi 2","tags":" Vijay Kumar Vijay Kumar, Vismaya, Shankar Thas, Abbas, Sudhakar, Durai Ramesh When a chemical plant's poor conditions cause tragedies, an employee leads a protest against the company\u2019s callous owner and local politicians. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Manu","tags":" Phanindra Narsetti Raja Goutham, Chandini Chowdary, Bomma Sreedhar, John Kottoly, Srikanth Mullagiri, Ravi Teja The relationship between a painter and his admirer unfolds as an abstract, twist-filled hide-and-seek game against the backdrop of murder and revenge. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Sleepless Society: Nyctophobia","tags":"  Chermarn Boonyasak, Nattapat Nimjirawat, Jason Young, Matthew Deane Chanthavanij, Inthira Charoenpura, Natharinee Kanasoot Following the death of her child, a grief-stricken woman struggles to find peace until a mysterious boy appears, claiming to be her reincarnated son. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Letdown","tags":"  Alison Bell, Duncan Fellows, Noni Hazlehurst, Sacha Horler, Leon Ford, Lucy Durack, Leah Vandenberg, Celeste Barber, Xana Tang, Patrick Brammall Audrey, mother of a 2-month-old, joins a new-parents support group, where she makes some quirky friends facing various challenges and life changes. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"The Red Sea Diving Resort","tags":" Gideon Raff Chris Evans, Michael Kenneth Williams, Haley Bennett, Alessandro Nivola, Michiel Huisman, Alex Hassell, Mark Ivanir, Chris Chalk, Greg Kinnear, Ben Kingsley Undercover agents open up a fake hotel to real tourists as a cover to help smuggle thousands of Ethiopian refugees to safety. Inspired by true events. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Twelve Forever","tags":"  Kelsy Abbott, Antony Del Rio, Jaylen Barron, Matt Berry, Bridget Everett, Brandon Wardell, Steve Agee, Spencer Rothbell, Nick Sumida, Ashley Boettcher, Wade Randolph Reggie's wild imagination unlocks a weird and wonderful world where she can be herself \u2013 and escape the pressures of growing up. familyfamily"},{"title":"Boi","tags":" Jorge M. Fontana Bernat Quintana, Adrian Pang, Andrew Lua, Rachel Lascar, Fina Rius, Miranda Gas A young chauffeur who's at a crossroads in his life escorts a pair of clients around Barcelona and becomes embroiled in their mysterious quest. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Eerie","tags":" Mikhail Red Bea Alonzo, Jake Cuenca, Maxene Magalona, Charo Santos, Mary Joy Apostol, Gabby Padilla, Gillian Vicencio When a student's suicide rattles an all-girls Catholic school, a clairvoyant guidance counselor leans on a ghost to uncover the convent's abusive past. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Girls With Balls","tags":" Olivier Afonso Victor Artus Solaro, Manon Azem, Louise Blach\u00e8re, Tiphaine Daviot, Margot Dufrene, Anne-Solenne Hatte, Camille Razat, Dany Verissimo-Petit, Denis Lavant, Aur\u00e9lien Cotentin, Mathieu Mad\u00e9nian, Thomas Vandenberghe Stranded in the woods and eyeballed by twisted hunters, members of a women\u2019s volleyball team bump it up in the most dangerous game of their lives. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"My First First Love","tags":"  Ji Soo, Jung Chae-yeon, Jinyoung, Choi Ri, Kang Tae-oh, Hong Ji-yoon Due to various personal reasons, a group of Yun Tae-o\u2019s friends move into his house, where they experience love, friendship, and everything in between. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Son","tags":" Sebasti\u00e1n Schindel Joaqu\u00edn Furriel, Martina Gusm\u00e1n, Luciano C\u00e1ceres, Heidi Toini, Regina Lamm In this psychological thriller, painter Lorenzo's life spirals out of control as he fears his wife is trying to isolate him from their infant son. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Another Life","tags":"  Katee Sackhoff, Justin Chatwin, Samuel Anderson, Blu Hunt, AJ Rivera, Jake Abel, Alex Ozerov, Alexander Eling, Lina Renna, Selma Blair After a massive alien artifact lands on Earth, Niko Breckinridge leads an interstellar mission to track down its source and make first contact. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"The Great Hack","tags":" Karim Amer, Jehane Noujaim  Explore how a data company named Cambridge Analytica came to symbolize the dark side of social media in the wake of the 2016 U.S. presidential election. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Beat Bugs","tags":"  Ashleigh Ball, Lili Beaudoin, Charles Demers, Rebecca Husain, Erin Mathews With songs made famous by the Beatles, five friendly bugs learn big lessons about the world around them \u2013 all from the safety of their own backyard. familyfamily"},{"title":"D.L. Hughley: Contrarian","tags":" Jay Chapman D.L. Hughley D.L. Hughley riffs on hot-button political issues, celebrity scandals, his mother's tough love and more in a rapid-fire stand-up show in Philadelphia. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Demetri Martin: The Overthinker","tags":" Jay Karas, Demetri Martin Demetri Martin With his signature one-liners and drawings, Demetri Martin muses on doughnut holes, dogs, sports bars, the alphabet's most aggressive letters and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Beast Stalker","tags":" Dante Lam Nicholas Tse, Nick Cheung, Zhang Jing-chu, Miao Pu, Liu Kai-chi, Philip Keung, Kwok Jing-hung, Sherman Chung, Zhang He, Wong Suet-yin, Wong Sum-yin Feeling guilty after a high-speed chase leaves a girl dead, a determined sergeant pursues the crime boss who triggered the fatal car accident. action,classic,foreginaction,classic,foregin"},{"title":"The Midas Touch","tags":" Chi Keung Fung Chapman To, Charlene Choi, Gao Yunxiang, Shatina Chen, Alice Li, Jiayu Xie, Jiemeng Zhuang, Venus Wong, Ching-Wan Hui, Jennifer Zhang A debt collector takes over the management of a group of starlets after their talent agent defaults on a loan, but soon finds he's in over his head. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Twins Effect II","tags":" Corey Yuen, Patrick Leung Donnie Yen, Jaycee Chan, Charlene Choi, Gillian Chung, Wilson Chen Bo-Lin, Tony Leung Ka Fai, Qu Ying, Fan Bingbing, Xie Jing-jing, Daniel Wu, Edison Chen, Jackie Chan An empress rules over a land where men are subservient to women. But a prophecy reveals that a boy will become king and restore the male regime. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Twins Mission","tags":" To-hoi Kong Sammo Kam-Bo Hung, Gillian Chung, Charlene Choi, Wu Jing, Yuen Wah, Jess Zhang, Steven Cheung, Lier Qiu, Shek Sau, Sam Lee, Andy Liang To retrieve a healing bead stolen from its guardian monks, a pair of bickering twin sisters face off against an entire gang of rival twins. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Sexy Central","tags":"  Jeana Ho Pui-yu, Joyce Cheng, Ava Liu, Shiga Lin, Kelly Chen Jia-li, Eric Suen Yiu-wai, Eric Kwok, Mix, Adam Pak, Patrick Tang In the bustling center of Hong Kong, five young women reckon with betrayal, unrequited love and other matters of the heart. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"\u00a1Ay, mi madre!","tags":" Frank Ariza Estefan\u00eda de los Santos, Secun de la Rosa, Terele P\u00e1vez, Mar\u00eda Alfonsa Rosso, Mariola Fuentes, Alfonso S\u00e1nchez, Paz Vega, Marta Torn\u00e9, Concha Gal\u00e1n When her estranged mother suddenly dies, a woman must follow the quirky instructions laid out in the will in order to collect an important inheritance. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee","tags":" Jerry Seinfeld Jerry Seinfeld Jerry Seinfeld's roving talk show combines coffee, laughs and vintage cars into quirky, caffeine-fueled adventures with the sharpest minds in comedy. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"The Epic Tales of Captain Underpants","tags":"  Nat Faxon, Jay Gragnani, Ramone Hamilton, Sean Astin, Dayci Brookshire, Jorge Diaz, Evan Kishiyama Fourth-grade friends George and Harold have a shared love of pranks and comic books \u2013 and turning their principal into an undies-wearing superhero. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Typewriter","tags":"  Aarna Sharma, Aaryansh Malviya, Mikail Gandhi, Palash Kamble, Jishu Sengupta, Palomi Ghosh, Purab Kohli, Sameer Kochhar, Sara Gesawat Three young friends in Goa plan to search an old villa for ghosts, but when a new family moves in, the home\u2019s buried past resurfaces in chilling ways. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung","tags":"  Shin Sae-kyeong, Cha Eun-woo, Park Ki-woong, Lee Ji-hoon, Park Ji-hyun, Gong Jung-hwan, Kim Min-sang, Choi Duk-mun, Kim Yeo-jin Free spirit Goo Hae-ryung embarks on a new life as a scholar in the Joseon royal court after hearing about a government post for women historians. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Secret Obsession","tags":" Peter Sullivan Brenda Song, Mike Vogel, Dennis Haysbert, Ashley Scott, Paul Sloan, Daniel Booko When Jennifer wakes up with amnesia after a traumatic attack, her doting husband cares for her. But she soon realizes the danger is far from over. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Mauli","tags":" Aditya Sarpotdar Riteish Deshmukh, Saiyami Kher, Jitendra Joshi, Siddarth Jadhav, Shrikant Yadav, Vijay Nikam, Umesh Jagtap, Usha Naik, Girija Oak, Genelia D'Souza An unconventional police officer faces off against a gang of thugs as he tries to bring order to the far-flung village he\u2019s been stationed in. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Pinky Malinky","tags":"  Lucas Grabeel, Nathan Kress, Diamond White, Danny Jacobs, Retta, Colleen Smith, Vargus Mason, Lauren Tom, Robbie Daymond, Grey Griffin Pinky Malinky sees the bright side of everything, including being born a hot dog. With his BFFs in tow, this little wiener takes a bite out of life. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Unrequited Love","tags":"  Zhu Yanmanzi, Zhao Shunran, Shen Yu, Zhang Yichi, Mengqin, Esther Chen, Zhang Zhehao, He Meixuan, Yuan Baizihui A complicated, one-sided secret attraction sends ripples through the lives of a mild-mannered student and her dashing classmate. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Bogda","tags":" Nisheeta Keni Suhas Joshi, Mrunmayee Deshpande, Rohit Kokate, Ajinkya Bhosale, Jayant Gadekar, Vivekanand Walake, Pallavi Malvade, Nirmala Tikam An aspiring dancer accompanies her terminally ill mother on one last road trip that alternately strains and strengthens their knotty relationship. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Frankenstein\u2019s Monster\u2019s Monster, Frankenstein","tags":" Daniel Gray Longino David Harbour, Alex Ozerov, Kate Berlant, Mary Woronov, Alfred Molina, Heather Lawless, Michael Lerner, Marion Van Cuyck, Bridey Elliott, O-Lan Jones, Lidia Porto, Graham Wagner, Randolph Thompson When actor David Harbour finds lost footage of his father's disastrous televised stage play of a literary classic, he uncovers shocking family secrets. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Angel Beats!","tags":"  Hiroshi Kamiya, Harumi Sakurai, Kana Hanazawa, Eri Kitamura, Ryohei Kimura, Takahiro Mizushima, Shun Takagi, Fuko Saito, Yui Makino, Hiro Masuda, Michael Rivas, Eiichiro Tokumoto, Yumiko Kobayashi, Hiroki Touchi, Miyuki Sawashiro, Chie Matsuura, Kana Asumi, Emiri Kato In a high school that's a way station to the afterlife, a teenager gets caught up in the battle for the rights of those in this purgatorial world. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Anohana: The Flower We Saw That Day","tags":"  Miyu Irino, Ai Kayano, Haruka Tomatsu, Takahiro Sakurai, Saori Hayami, Takayuki Kondo, Mitsuru Ogata, Mutsumi Tamura, Asami Seto, Aki Toyosaki, Kaoru Mizuhara, Yui Makino A teen haunted by the spirit of an old friend summons the other members of their childhood club to help fulfill the girl's final wish. anime,foregin,showanime,foregin,show"},{"title":"God Eater","tags":"  Ryuichi Kijima, Hiroaki Hirata, Kazuya Nakai, Sayaka Ohara, Daisuke Sakaguchi, Maaya Sakamoto An enemy immune to conventional arms has caused the collapse of civilization and humanity's only hope lies in a new living weapon: the God Arc. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"GRANBLUE FANTASY the Animation","tags":"  Yuki Ono, Nao Toyama, Rie Kugimiya, Miyuki Sawashiro, Hiroaki Hirata, Yukari Tamura, Kazuhiro Yamaji, Rie Tanaka, Emiri Kato, Tomokazu Sugita, Kanae Ito In a world where islands float in the sky, Gran encounters a mysterious girl wanted by the Erste Empire for her ability to summon Primal Beasts. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"3Below: Tales of Arcadia","tags":"  Tatiana Maslany, Diego Luna, Nick Offerman, Nick Frost, Glenn Close, Alon Aboutboul, Hayley Atwell, Darin De Paul, Andy Garcia, Cheryl Hines, Tom Kenny, Chris Obi, Cole Sand, Frank Welker, Steven Yeun After crash-landing on Earth, two royal teen aliens on the run struggle to blend in with humans as they evade intergalactic bounty hunters. family,action,fantasyfamily,action,fantasy"},{"title":"4L","tags":" Gerardo Olivares Jean Reno, Hovik Keuchkerian, Susana Abaitua, Juan Dos Santos, Arturo Valls, Enrique San Francisco, Francesc Garrido, Eric Nguyen Hoping to reunite with a dying friend, two longtime pals re-create their desert road trip from Spain to Mali, bringing along his estranged daughter. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bonus Family","tags":"  Vera Vitali, Erik Johansson, Fredrik Hallgren, Petra Mede, Frank Dorsin, Jacob Lundqvist, Amanda Lindh, Marianne M\u00f6rck, Barbro Svensson, Ann Petr\u00e9n, Johan Ulveson, Leo Razzak, Felix Engstr\u00f6m A new couple, their exes and their children navigate the emotional challenges and tricky logistics of blended family life in this Swedish dramedy. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Cities of Last Things","tags":" Wi Ding Ho Jack Kao, Lee Hong-chi, Louise Grinberg, Huang Lu, Ding Ning In a dystopian tale unfolding in reverse chronology, a man with a complicated past takes revenge on the individuals who wronged him decades ago. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Kidnapping Stella","tags":" Thomas Sieben Max von der Groeben, Jella Haase, Clemens Schick Snatched off the street and held for ransom, a bound and gagged woman uses her limited powers to derail her two masked abductors' carefully laid plans. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"One Spring Night","tags":"  Han Ji-min, Jung Hae-in, Kim Jun-han, Yim Sung-eon, Song Seung-hwan, Kil Hae-yeon, Lee Moo-saeng, Kim Chang-wan When Lee Jeong-in and Yu Ji-ho meet, something unexpected happens. Or it just may be that spring is in the air \u2013 and anything is possible. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Point Blank","tags":" Joe Lynch Frank Grillo, Anthony Mackie, Marcia Gay Harden, Teyonah Parris, Boris McGiver, Christian Cooke, Markice Moore To save his pregnant wife, an emergency room nurse unwillingly partners with an injured murder suspect in a race against time and renegade cops. actionaction"},{"title":"The Milk System","tags":" Andreas Pichler  Farmers, scientists and industry insiders delve into the hidden costs and consequences of global dairy production and offer up possible solutions. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Parch\u00eds: the Documentary","tags":" Daniel Arasanz  The spotlight's on Parch\u00eds, a record company-created Spanish boy\/girl band that had unprecedented success with Top 10 songs and hit films in the '80s. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Aziz Ansari: RIGHT NOW","tags":" Spike Jonze Aziz Ansari In a comedy special directed by Spike Jonze, Aziz Ansari shares deep personal insights and hilarious takes on wokeness, family and the social climate. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Free Rein","tags":"  Jaylen Barron, Manpreet Bambra, Celine Buckens, Freddy Carter, Caroline Ford, Natalie Gumede, Bruce Herbelin-Earle, Noah Huntley, Kerry Ingram, Paul Luebke, Geoffrey McGivern, Navia Ziraili Robinson, Milo Twomey, Carla Woodcock A 15-year-old from LA spends the summer at her mom's childhood home on an island off the coast of England, where she bonds with a mysterious horse. foregin,family,dramaforegin,family,drama"},{"title":"River, el m\u00e1s grande siempre","tags":" Marcelo Altmark, Mariano Mucci, Luis A. Scalella  Experience the highlights of Argentine soccer team Club Atl\u00e9tico River Plate's long history, from its early development to its major victories. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"The Legend of White Snake","tags":"  Yu Menglong, Ju Jingyi, Pei Zitian, Xiao Yan, Nie Zihao, Yu Lang In this new take on a classic tale, an ancient snake spirit transforms into a beautiful woman and falls in love with a doctor unaware of her true form. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Cristina","tags":" Mich\u00e8le Ohayon  In this short documentary, 37-year-old Cristina valiantly battles cancer while doing all she can to encourage others to live in the moment. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Stranger Things","tags":"  Winona Ryder, David Harbour, Finn Wolfhard, Millie Bobby Brown, Gaten Matarazzo, Caleb McLaughlin, Natalia Dyer, Charlie Heaton, Cara Buono, Noah Schnapp, Matthew Modine, Joe Keery, Dacre Montgomery, Sadie Sink, Paul Reiser, Sean Astin When a young boy vanishes, a small town uncovers a mystery involving secret experiments, terrifying supernatural forces and one strange little girl. suspense,suspense,fantasysuspense,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"The Last Czars","tags":"  Robert Jack, Susanna Herbert, Ben Cartwright, Oliver Dimsdale, Gavin Mitchell, Elsie Bennett, Bernice Stegers When social upheaval sweeps Russia in the early 20th century, Czar Nicholas II resists change, sparking a revolution and ending a dynasty. documental,dramadocumental,drama"},{"title":"Yummy Mummies","tags":"  Lorinska Merrington, Jane Scandizzo, Rachel Watts, Maria DiGeronimo It's drama Down Under when expectant mothers with model good looks and lavish lifestyles pull out all the stops to prepare for their new arrivals. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Bangkok Love Stories: Objects of Affection","tags":"  Apinya Sakuljaroensuk, Kanokchat Munyadon, Gyeon Seo, Nalin Hohler, Thongpoom Siripipat, Chinawut Indracusin, Preeyada Sitthachai, Akarin Akaranitimaytharatt, Adul Charoenrasameekiat, Kanlaya Lertkasemsup A kind computer repairman falls for a street-smart graffiti artist whose multiple personality disorder worsens after she witnesses a double murder. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Bangkok Love Stories: Plead","tags":"  Chanon Santinatornkul, Sutatta Udomsilp, Morakot Liu, Varot Makaduangkeo, Sutthatip Wutichaipradit, Cholsawas Tiewwanichkul, Surapol Poonpiriya, Hattaya Wongkrachang In Bangkok's Chinatown, a spirited digital marketing expert falls for a blind fortune-teller, but their love is predestined to end in disaster. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Designated Survivor: 60 Days","tags":"  Ji Jin-hee, Lee Jun-hyuk, Heo Jun-ho, Kang Han-na, Bae Jong-ok, Kim Gyu-ri, Son Suk-ku, Choi Yoon-young, Lee Moo-saeng When the National Assembly suffers a catastrophic attack, Minister of Environment Park Mu-jin must find a way to lead Korea through the ensuing chaos. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"DreamWorks Kung Fu Panda Awesome Secrets","tags":"  Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman, Dennis Haysbert, Paul Scheer, Randall Duk Kim, David Cross, Jessica DiCicco, Jaycee Chan, Angelina Jolie, Seth Rogen, Tony Leondis In this pair of adventures, Po tells the story of how masters Thundering Rhino, Storming Ox and Croc met and takes on Shifu's biggest challenge yet. family,action,comedyfamily,action,comedy"},{"title":"Hatchimals | Adventures in Hatchtopia","tags":"  Sam Vincent, Kira Tozer, Andrea Libman These fun-loving creatures hatch from their shells and spread friendship, laughter and life lessons in the land of Hatchtopia. familyfamily"},{"title":"Katherine Ryan: Glitter Room","tags":" Linda Mendoza Katherine Ryan Fresh from a tour, comedian Katherine Ryan shares shrewd observations about school bullies, revenge bodies and raising a very fancy child. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Molang","tags":"  Bruno Gu\u00e9ra\u00e7ague An imaginative, big-hearted bunny and his friend, a shy chick, explore the everyday joys of their pastel-colored world. familyfamily"},{"title":"Rabbids Invasion","tags":"  Damien Laquet, David Gasman, Barbara Scaff Giant, rambunctious rabbits have invaded and are wreaking havoc on the world. But we'll have to get used to them, because they're not going anywhere! family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Record of Grancrest War","tags":"  Kentaro Kumagai, Akari Kito, Yuichi Nakamura, Reina Ueda, Satoshi Hino, Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Natsumi Takamori, Ai Kayano, Takahiro Sakurai, Wataru Hatano, Yuichi Iguchi, Minori Suzuki, Megumi Nakajima, Yuhko Kaida, Chika Anzai, Yumi Uchiyama, Kaede Hondo, Satoshi Mikami, Ayane Sakura, Ari Ozawa, Tatsuhisa Suzuki, Hiro Shimono Lone mage Siluca wanders the land of Atlatan, disgusted by its greedy nobility. When she meets knight errant Theo, she sees a chance to create peace. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"War Against Women","tags":" Hern\u00e1n Zin  Filmed over three years in 10 countries, this documentary gives voice to the women who have become victims of sexual violence as weapons of war. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Inhuman Kiss","tags":" Sittisiri Mongkolsiri Phantira Pipityakorn, Oabnithi Wiwattanawarang, Sapol Assawamunkong, Surasak Vongthai, Sahatchai 'Stop' Chumrum, Sahajak Boonthanakit, Makorn Supinacharoen, Sasithorn Panichnok A teenage girl is caught between the affections of two childhood friends while battling the bloodthirsty demon inside of her that manifests at night. suspense,foregin,romancesuspense,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Romeo Akbar Walter","tags":" Robbie Grewal John Abraham, Jackie Shroff, Mouni Roy, Sikander Kher, Raghuvir Yadav, Alka Amin, Rajesh Shringarpure, Anil George In 1971, a fallen army major\u2019s son is tapped by India's Research and Analysis Wing to serve as an undercover agent in Pakistan in the lead-up to war. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Scare Tactics","tags":"  Tracy Morgan, Lauren Ash This ghoulish but hilarious hidden-camera show from Syfy finds mischievous friends and family members setting up unsuspecting victims for elaborate pranks that use high-quality makeup and special effects to unleash their worst fears upon them. show,comedy,suspenseshow,comedy,suspense"},{"title":"Super Deluxe","tags":" Thiagarajan Kumararaja Vijay Sethupathi, Fahadh Faasil, Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Ramya Krishnan, Mysskin, Gayathrie, Ashwanth Ashok Kumar, Bagavathi Perumal Sex, stigma and spirituality merge in these eccentric stories of an angsty teenager, an unfaithful wife and a transgender woman returning to her past. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Dope","tags":"   Filmed from the perspectives of dealers, users and the police, this vivid series offers a bracing look at the war on drugs. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"El testigo","tags":" Kate Horne Jes\u00fas Abad Colorado Colombian photojournalist Jes\u00fas Abad Colorado shares the stories behind a series of civil war photographs he captured throughout the '80s and '90s. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Exhibit A","tags":"   This true crime series shows how innocent people have been convicted with dubious forensic techniques and tools such as touch DNA and cadaver dogs. action,documental,documentalaction,documental,documental"},{"title":"Instant Hotel","tags":"  Luke Jacobz, Juliet Ashworth Teams of Australian homeowners compete for the title of best Instant Hotel by staying overnight in each other's rentals and rating their experience. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"La Leyenda del Diamante","tags":" Roberto Girault Facha Ana Layevska, Alex Sirvent, Paulina Goto, Fernando Estrada, Alejandro Oliva, David Villegas, Xavier Cervantes, Cuauht\u00e9moc Duque, Karyme Lozano, Rodrigo Trevi\u00f1o When a gun-toting rebel tries to rescue her kidnapped sister, she finds herself up against a widely feared desperado and a cursed guardian of treasure. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Motown Magic","tags":"   Imaginative boy Ben transforms his city by bringing colorful street art to life, armed with a magic paintbrush \u2013 and the classic sounds of Motown. family,fantasyfamily,fantasy"},{"title":"Paquita Salas","tags":"  Brays Efe, Bel\u00e9n Cuesta, Lidia San Jos\u00e9, \u00c1lex de Lucas, Mariona Ter\u00e9s One of Spain's best talent agents in the '90s, Paquita now finds herself searching desperately for new stars after suddenly losing her biggest client. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"ANIMA","tags":" Paul Thomas Anderson Thom Yorke In a short musical film directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, Thom Yorke of Radiohead stars in a mind-bending visual piece. Best played loud. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Daniel Sosa: Maleducado","tags":" Alex D\u00edaz, Marcos Bucay Daniel Sosa In his second stand-up special, Daniel Sosa reminisces about his childhood, ponders Mexican traditions and points out a major problem with \"Coco.\" comedycomedy"},{"title":"Hikaru Utada Laughter in the Dark Tour 2018","tags":"  Hikaru Utada Celebrating twenty years since her debut, Hikaru Utada takes the stage at Makuhari Messe for the final performance of her Laughter in the Dark Tour. foregin,musicforegin,music"},{"title":"Kahaani","tags":" Sujoy Ghosh Vidya Balan, Parambrata Chatterjee, Dhritiman Chatterjee, Saswata Chatterjee, Indraneil Sengupta, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Darshan Jariwala, Masood Akhtar, Riddhi Sen Pregnant and alone in the city of Kolkata, a woman begins a relentless search for her missing husband, only to find that nothing is what it seems. foregin,music,suspenseforegin,music,suspense"},{"title":"Unbroken","tags":" Svati Chakravarty Bhatkal  After the brutal murders of their loved ones, three individuals share how they healed through forgiveness in this documentary presented by Aamir Khan. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Mike Epps: Only One Mike","tags":" Kevin Bray Mike Epps In a raw stand-up comedy special, Mike Epps mixes it up as he tackles sexual misconduct, special ed, aging body parts and much more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Forest of Piano","tags":"  Soma Saito, Junichi Suwabe, Natsuki Hanae, Yuichi Nakamura, Kenn, Aoi Yuki, Mariya Ise, Katsuyuki Konishi, Toshiyuki Toyonaga, Koji Yusa, Hiroshi Yanaka, Ryoko Shiraishi, Yo Taichi, Marie Miyake, Ryo Hirohashi, Motoko Kumai, Maaya Sakamoto, Hideyuki Tanaka, Bin Shimada Kai grows up playing an old piano discarded in the woods; Shuhei's father is a famous pianist. Their chance meeting transforms their lives and music. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Triple Threat","tags":" Jesse V. Johnson, Jesse Johnson Tony Jaa, Iko Uwais, Tiger Chen, Scott Adkins, Celina Jade, Michael Bisping, Michael Jai White, JeeJa Yanin, Dominiquie Vandenberg A crew of ruthless criminals hired to kill an influential heiress meet their match in a trio of surprisingly adept fighters who come to her aid. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Blood Will Tell","tags":" Miguel Cohan, Miguel Cohan Oscar Mart\u00ednez, Dolores Fonzi, Diego Vel\u00e1zquez, Paulina Garcia, Luis Gnecco, Malena S\u00e1nchez, Emilio Vodanovich, Norman Briski Family patriarch El\u00edas begins to unravel after the death of his wife \u2013 which casts a suspicious light on her tragic accident. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Bol\u00edvar","tags":" Luis Alberto Restrepo, Andr\u00e9s Beltr\u00e1n, Jaime Rayo Luis Ger\u00f3nimo Abreu, Jos\u00e9 Ram\u00f3n Barreto, Ernesto Benjumea, F\u00e9lix Antequera, Jefferson Qui\u00f1ones, Shany Nadan, Mar\u00eda Jos\u00e9 Vargas, Hans Mart\u00ednez, Mauro Mauad, \u00c1lvaro Bayona, Rosmeri Marval, Irene Esser, Nohely Arteaga This dramatization depicts the life \u2013 and loves \u2013 of Venezuelan Gen. Sim\u00f3n Bol\u00edvar, who helped liberate several Latin American countries from Spain. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"EVANGELION: DEATH (TRUE)\u00b2","tags":" Hideaki Anno Megumi Ogata, Kotono Mitsuishi, Megumi Hayashibara, Yuko Miyamura, Yuriko Yamaguchi, Fumihiko Tachiki, Motomu Kiyokawa, Koichi Yamadera, Takehito Koyasu, Hiro Yuki, Miki Nagasawa, Mugihito, Akira Ishida Fifteen years after the Second Impact, apathetic teen Shinji joins his father's group NERV to fight the Angels. But the truth may destroy them all. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Girls Incarcerated","tags":"   Fights, friendships, dating, rules. Teenage life is full of drama. But behind bars, the stakes are so much higher. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"Go! Live Your Way","tags":"  Pilar Pascual, Renata Toscano, Jos\u00e9 Gim\u00e9nez Zapiola, Santiago Saez, Paulo Sanchez Lima, Carmela Barsamian, Axel Mu\u00f1iz, Majo Cardoso, Majo Chicar, Gast\u00f3n Ricaud, Laura Azcurra Charismatic M\u00eda gets a scholarship to an elite performing arts school, where she makes close friends but clashes with the owner's popular daughter. family,foregin,showfamily,foregin,show"},{"title":"Magi: The Labyrinth of Magic","tags":"  Kaori Ishihara, Yuki Kaji, Haruka Tomatsu, Daisuke Ono, Ryohei Kimura, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Takahiro Sakurai, Showtaro Morikubo, Yui Horie, Tomokazu Sugita A land of mysterious ruins and a magical treasure hunt await young Aladdin and his courageous friend Alibaba for the adventure of their lives. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Neon Genesis Evangelion","tags":"  Megumi Ogata, Kotono Mitsuishi, Yuriko Yamaguchi, Megumi Hayashibara, Yuko Miyamura, Fumihiko Tachiki, Akira Ishida, Motomu Kiyokawa, Hiro Yuki, Miki Nagasawa, Takehito Koyasu, Tomokazu Seki, Tetsuya Iwanaga, Junko Iwao, Mugihito Fifteen years after the Second Impact, Shinji Ikari joins his father's group NERV as one of several teenage mecha pilots fighting the monstrous Angels. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Shooter","tags":"  Ryan Phillippe, Omar Epps, David Marciano, Cynthia Addai-Robinson, Shantel VanSanten, Tom Sizemore A highly decorated ex-Marine sniper returns to action to foil an assassination plot targeting the president, but soon finds himself framed for murder. action,action,dramaaction,action,drama"},{"title":"The Casketeers","tags":"   M\u0101ori funeral directors Francis and Kaiora Tipene and staff temper good humor with care and respect as they help Polynesian families cope with loss. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The Confession Tapes","tags":"   This true crime documentary series investigates cases where people convicted of murder claim their confessions were coerced, involuntary or false. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"The End of Evangelion","tags":" Hideaki Anno, Kazuya Tsurumaki Megumi Ogata, Kotono Mitsuishi, Megumi Hayashibara, Yuko Miyamura, Yuriko Yamaguchi, Fumihiko Tachiki, Motomu Kiyokawa, Koichi Yamadera, Takehito Koyasu, Hiro Yuki, Miki Nagasawa, Maria Kawamura, Mugihito, Akira Ishida Seele orders an all-out attack on NERV, aiming to destroy the Evas before Gendo can trigger Third Impact and Instrumentality under his control. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Rakkhosh","tags":" Abhijit Kokate, Srivinay Salian Sanjay Mishra, Priyanka Bose, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Barun Chanda, Sonamoni Jayant Gadekar, Ashwath Bhatt, Atul Mahale An asylum patient\u2019s troubled past threatens his grasp on reality as fellow hospital residents begin disappearing at the hands of an unknown entity. suspense,foregin,foreginsuspense,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Wolf's Call","tags":" Antonin Baudry Fran\u00e7ois Civil, Omar Sy, Mathieu Kassovitz, Reda Kateb, Paula Beer, Alexis Michalik, Jean-Yves Berteloot, Damien Bonnard, Pierre Ceva\u00ebr, S\u00e9bastien Libessart With nuclear war looming, a military expert in underwater acoustics strives to prove things aren't as they seem \u2013 or sound \u2013 using only his ears. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Beats","tags":" Chris Robinson Khalil Everage, Anthony Anderson, Uzo Aduba, Emayatzy Corinealdi, Paul Walter Hauser, Dave East, Seandrea Sledge, Ashley Jackson, Megan Sousa On Chicago's South Side, hip-hop prodigy August Monroe navigates crippling anxiety and new creative frontiers with the help of an unlikely mentor. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Edge of Democracy","tags":" Petra Costa  Political documentary and personal memoir collide in this exploration into the complex truth behind the unraveling of two Brazilian presidencies. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Adam Devine: Best Time of Our Lives","tags":" Jay Karas Adam Devine Frenetic comic Adam Devine talks teen awkwardness, celebrity encounters, his \"Pitch Perfect\" audition and more in a special from his hometown of Omaha. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Cop Car","tags":" Jon Watts Kevin Bacon, James Freedson-Jackson, Hays Wellford, Camryn Manheim, Shea Whigham, Sean Hartley, Kyra Sedgwick, Loi Nguyen Two mischievous boys get thrust into a game of cat and mouse with a murderous psychopath after they decide to steal a police officer\u2019s cruiser. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Right Here Right Now","tags":" Jakob Lass Niklas Bruhn, David Sch\u00fctter, Tinka Furst, Corinna Harfouch, Bela B. Felsenheimer, Martina Sch\u00f6ne-Radunski, Mathias Bloech, Tanna Barthel, Felix Maria Zeppenfeld, Kalle Schwensen The owner of a failing music club throws one last blowout, bringing together friends, foes and hard-partying weirdos for an unhinged New Year's Eve. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Fate\/Zero","tags":"  Rikiya Koyama, Ayako Kawasumi, Sayaka Ohara, Sho Hayami, Tomokazu Seki, Jouji Nakata, Akina Abe, Takumi Yamasaki, Hikaru Midorikawa, Daisuke Namikawa After three unsettled battles for the mystical Holy Grail, an artifact that grants a miracle to those who hold it, a fourth war begins. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Kill la Kill","tags":"  Ami Koshimizu, Toshihiko Seki, Ryoka Yuzuki, Aya Suzaki, Shinichiro Miki, Tetsu Inada, Nobuyuki Hiyama, Mayumi Shintani, Hiroyuki Yoshino, Romi Park The \"woman with the scissor blade\" \u2013 Ryuko Matoi \u2013 searches for clues all around the world for the truth behind her father's death. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Life Overtakes Me","tags":" John Haptas, Kristine Samuelson  In the grip of trauma, hundreds of refugee children in Sweden withdraw from life's uncertainties into a coma-like illness called Resignation Syndrome. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Luckee","tags":" Sanjay Jadhav Abhay Mahajan, Dipti Sati, Mayur More, Shubhangi Tambale, Chetan Dalvi, Nilesh Diwekar When his friends make a bet that he can woo his college crush, a lovesick student named Luckee struggles between satisfying his heart and hormones. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Pihu","tags":" Vinod Kapri Pihu Myra Vishwakarma A two-year-old must fend for herself when her mother suddenly passes away while her father is gone for a conference, leaving her prone to danger. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Puella Magi Madoka Magica","tags":"  Aoi Yuki, Chiwa Saito, Kaori Mizuhashi, Eri Kitamura, Emiri Kato, Ai Nonaka One day, Madoka Kaname has a very magical encounter, one that can change her destiny. This is the beginning of the new story of magical witch girls. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Somewhere Only We Know","tags":"  Zhang Chao, Li Tingting, Chen Bohao, Sun Jialing, Zhang Zhang, Li Jiuxiao, Deng Yuli, Li Huan, Fang Wenqiang, Gong Rui A language major bickers with \u2013 and falls for \u2013 a doctoral student as she navigates the ups and downs of love and friendship with college classmates. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"The Alc\u00e0sser Murders","tags":" El\u00edas Le\u00f3n  New interviews and an up-to-date analysis of evidence shed light on the 1992 murders of three girls in Spain and their profound impact on the nation. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Unit 42","tags":"  Patrick Ridremont, Constance Gay, Tom Audenaert, Roda Fawaz, Danitza Athanassiadis A widowed cop tapped to lead a special cybercrimes unit teams up with a former hacker to hunt down tech-savvy criminals who are terrorizing Belgium. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Awake: The Million Dollar Game","tags":"  James Davis Sleepless for 24 hours, contestants in the comedy game show stumble through challenges both eccentric and everyday for a chance at a $1 million prize. showshow"},{"title":"Black Spot","tags":"  Suliane Brahim, Hubert Delattre, Laurent Capelluto, Samuel Jouy, Renaud Rutten, Camille Aguilar, Tiphaine Daviot, Naidra Ayadi, Brigitte Sy, Anne Suarez, Dan Herzberg, Olivier Bonjour, Thomas Doret A police chief and an eccentric new prosecutor investigate a string of grisly crimes and eerie phenomena in an isolated town at the edge of a forest. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"DJ Cinderella","tags":" Bruno Garotti Ma\u00edsa Silva, Filipe Bragan\u00e7a, Fernanda Paes Leme, Miriam Freeland, Marcelo Valle, Elisa Pinheiro, S\u00e9rgio Malheiros, Giovanna Grigio, B\u00e1rbara Maia, Let\u00edcia Pedro, Kiria Malheiros, Leo Cidade, Matheus Costa, Isabel Fillardis, Selma Lopes Fiercely independent and disillusioned with love, a teen DJ is determined to chart her own path, till a pop heartthrob falls for her awesome mix. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce","tags":"  Lisa Edelstein, Beau Garrett, Necar Zadegan, Paul Adelstein, Janeane Garofalo, Alanna Ubach After the world learns the truth about her failing marriage, a successful self-help author tries to salvage her career and find her way as a divorc\u00e9e. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Leila","tags":"  Huma Qureshi, Siddharth, Rahul Khanna, Arif Zakaria, Seema Biswas, Sanjay Suri, Akash Khurana, Ashwath Bhatt, Anupam Bhattacharya, Adarsh Gourav In a near-future world where an oppressive regime segregates society, one woman skirts the system to search for the daughter taken from her years ago. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Marlon","tags":"  Marlon Wayans, Essence Atkins, Bresha Webb, Diallo Riddle, Notlim Taylor, Amir O'Neil After the friendliest divorce ever, a carefree but devoted father navigates post-split parenting life with his levelheaded ex-wife and two kids. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Marvel's Jessica Jones","tags":"  Krysten Ritter, David Tennant, Rachael Taylor, Mike Colter, Carrie-Anne Moss, Eka Darville, Erin Moriarty, Wil Traval, Susie Abromeit Haunted by a traumatic past, Jessica Jones uses her gifts as a private eye to find her tormentor before he can harm anyone else in Hell's Kitchen. action,action,dramaaction,action,drama"},{"title":"Murder Mystery","tags":" Kyle Newacheck Adam Sandler, Jennifer Aniston, Luke Evans, Gemma Arterton, Adeel Akhtar, Luis Gerardo M\u00e9ndez, Dany Boon, Terence Stamp On a long-awaited trip to Europe, a New York City cop and his hairdresser wife scramble to solve a baffling murder aboard a billionaire's yacht. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Yankee","tags":"  Pablo Lyle, Ana Layevska, Leonardo Daniel, Javier D\u00edaz Due\u00f1as, Daniel Mart\u00ednez, Pamela Almanza, Roberto Bland\u00f3n, Sebasti\u00e1n Ferrat, Gabriela Zamora, Mauricio Pimentel, Julio Casado, Eivaut Rischen On the run from the police, an Arizona man crosses into Mexico and gets deeply involved in drug trafficking \u2013 with the help of modern technology. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Jinn","tags":"  Salma Malhas, Sultan Alkhail, Hamzeh Okab, Aysha Shahaltough, Zaid Zoubi, Ban Halaweh, Yasser Al Hadi On a field trip to Petra, two jinns \u2013 one good, the other evil \u2013 enter the human realm, turning high school into a supernatural battleground. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Oprah Presents When They See Us Now","tags":" Mark Ritchie Oprah Winfrey, Ava DuVernay Oprah Winfrey talks with the exonerated men once known as the Central Park Five, plus the cast and producers who tell their story in \"When They See Us.\" documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The 3rd Eye 2","tags":" Rocky Soraya Jessica Mila, Bianca Hello, Nabilah Ayu, Sophia Latjuba, Jeremy Thomas Working in an orphanage, Alia meets teen Nadia, who says she hears a strange voice in the walls. When they try to find the source, things go very wrong. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Jo Koy: Comin' In Hot","tags":" Shannon Hartman Jo Koy Comedian Jo Koy takes center stage in Hawaii and shares his candid take on cultural curiosities, filter-free fatherhood and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Rolling Thunder Revue: A Bob Dylan Story by Martin Scorsese","tags":" Martin Scorsese Bob Dylan, Allen Ginsberg, Joan Baez, Patti Smith, Roger McGuinn, Sam Shepard, Sharon Stone, Joni Mitchell, Scarlet Rivera, Ramblin' Jack Elliott, Ronnie Hawkins, Anne Waldman, Ronee Blakley In an alchemic mix of fact and fantasy, Martin Scorsese looks back at Bob Dylan's 1975 Rolling Thunder Revue tour and a country ripe for reinvention. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Upin & Ipin","tags":"  Nurfathiah Diaz Two mischievous yet lovable five-year-old twins and their friends enjoy daily life and new discoveries with the residents of their Malaysian village. familyfamily"},{"title":"Belmonte","tags":" Federico Veiroj Gonzalo Delgado, Olivia Molinaro Eijo, Jeannette Sauksteliskis, Tom\u00e1s Wahrmann, Mar\u00eda Noel Guti\u00e9rrez, Marcelo Fern\u00e1ndez Borsari, Alejandro Castiglioni, Cecilia Caballero Jeske, Mart\u00edn Reyes, Carolina Penad\u00e9s An artist muddles through a midlife crisis while trying to balance his dimming career with a yearning to be a better father. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Designated Survivor","tags":"  Kiefer Sutherland, Natascha McElhone, Maggie Q, Kal Penn, Adan Canto, Italia Ricci, LaMonica Garrett, Tanner Buchanan, Ben Lawson, Paulo Costanzo, Zoe McLellan America's fate rests in the hands of a low-level official after an attack on Washington decimates the government in this gripping political thriller. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Elisa & Marcela","tags":" Isabel Coixet Natalia de Molina, Greta Fern\u00e1ndez, Sara Casasnovas, Tamar Novas, Kelly Lua, Manuel Lourenzo, Jorge Suquet, Ana Santos, Mariana Carballal, Roberto Leal, Luisa Merelas, Amparo Moreno, Llu\u00eds Homar, Manolo Solo, Mar\u00eda Pujalte, Francesc Orella In 1901 Spain, Elisa S\u00e1nchez Loriga adopts a male identity in order to marry the woman she loves, Marcela Gracia Ibeas. Based on true events. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"I Am Mother","tags":" Grant Sputore Clara Rugaard, Rose Byrne, Hilary Swank, Luke Hawker Following humanity's mass extinction, a teen raised alone by a maternal droid finds her entire world shaken when she encounters another human. foregin,fantasy,suspenseforegin,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Luka Chuppi","tags":" Laxman Utekar Kartik Aaryan, Kriti Sanon, Pankaj Tripathi, Vinay Pathak, Aparshakti Khurana, Atul Srivastava, Alka Amin Pretending to marry in order to cohabitate, a small-town couple lands in endless awkward situations to hide the truth from their orthodox families. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Pachamama","tags":" Juan Antin Adam Moussamih, Charli Birdgenau, Vlastra Vrana, Sonja Ball, Alexandre Harough When a sacred statue is taken from his Andean village, a spirited boy who dreams of becoming a shaman goes on a brave mission to get it back. familyfamily"},{"title":"Rock My Heart","tags":" Hanno Olderdissen Lena Klenke, Dieter Hallervorden, Emilio Sakraya, Annette Frier, Milan Peschel, Vedat Erincin, Johann von B\u00fclow, Michael Lott, Hans Martin Stier, Anneke Kim Sarnau After an adventurous teen with a heart defect bonds with an unruly stallion, she trains to compete as an amateur jockey in a life-threatening race. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Stree","tags":" Amar Kaushik Rajkummar Rao, Shraddha Kapoor, Pankaj Tripathi, Aparshakti Khurana, Abhishek Banerjee, Atul Srivastava Once a year, men in a small town fear abduction by an eccentric female spirit. A young tailor dismisses the idea of the ghost \u2013 until he falls for her. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Super Monsters Monster Pets","tags":"  Erin Mathews, Kathleen Barr, Chiara Zanni, Rebecca Shoichet, Sabrina Pitre, Ingrid Nilson, Alessandro Juliani, Elyse Maloway, Vincent Tong The adorably magical Monster Pets star in a series of short adventures that are big on fun \u2013 and full of surprises! familyfamily"},{"title":"Tales of the City","tags":"  Laura Linney, Ellen Page, Olympia Dukakis, Paul Gross, Murray Bartlett, Barbara Garrick, Charlie Barnett, Garcia, May Hong, Jen Richards, Victor Garber, Ashley Park, Christopher Larkin, Zosia Mamet, Molly Ringwald, Daniela Vega Returning to San Francisco after a long absence, Mary Ann Singleton reunites with the community of characters at 28 Barbary Lane. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Black Godfather","tags":" Reginald Hudlin Clarence Avant, Quincy Jones This documentary follows the life of Clarence Avant, the ultimate, uncensored mentor and behind-the-scenes rainmaker in music, film, TV and politics. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Alles ist gut","tags":" Eva Trobisch Aenne Schwarz, Andreas D\u00f6hler, Hans L\u00f6w, Tilo Nest, Lina Wendel, Lisa Hagmeister A woman sexually assaulted by her new boss's brother-in-law tries to move on as if nothing happened, but the night weighs heavily on her mind and body. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"A Silent Voice","tags":" Naoko Yamada Miyu Irino, Saori Hayami, Aoi Yuki, Kensho Ono, Yuki Kaneko, Yui Ishikawa, Megumi Han, Toshiyuki Toyonaga, Mayu Matsuoka A former class bully reaches out to the deaf girl he'd tormented in grade school. He feels unworthy of redemption but tries to make things right. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Black Mirror","tags":"  Jesse Plemons, Cristin Milioti, Jimmi Simpson, Rosemarie DeWitt, Douglas Hodge, Andrea Riseborough, Brenna Harding, Owen Teague, Andrew Gower, Kiran Sonia Sawar, Georgina Campbell, Joe Cole, Maxine Peake, Jake Davies, Clint Dyer, Letitia Wright, Babs Olusanmokun, Bryce Dallas Howard, Alice Eve, Michael Kelly, Cherry Jones, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Mackenzie Davis, Wyatt Russell, Benedict Wong, Kelly Macdonald, Faye Marsay, Madeline Brewer, Hannah John-Kamen, Malachi Kirby, Alex Lawther, Jerome Flynn, James Norton, Rory Kinnear, Lindsay Duncan, Daniel Kaluuya, Jessica Brown Findlay, Rupert Everett, Toby Kebbell, Jodie Whittaker, Hayley Atwell, Domhnall Gleeson, Lenora Crichlow, Michael Smiley, Daniel Rigby, Chloe Pirrie, Jason Flemyng, Jon Hamm, Oona Chaplin, Rafe Spall This sci-fi anthology series explores a twisted, high-tech near-future where humanity's greatest innovations and darkest instincts collide. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Cosmos Laundromat: First Cycle","tags":" Mathieu Auvray Pierre Bokma, Reinout Scholten van Aschat Despondent on a desolate island, a suicidal sheep is thrown a lifeline by a quirky salesman, who offers him the gift of a lifetime. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Miranda Sings Live\u2026Your Welcome","tags":" Marcus Raboy Colleen Ballinger Viral video star Miranda Sings and her real-world alter ego Colleen Ballinger share the stage in a special packed with music, comedy and \"magichinry.\" comedycomedy"},{"title":"Silent","tags":" Limbert Fabian, Brandon Oldenburg  \"Silent\" is an animated short film created by Academy Award\u00ae winning Moonbot Studios. It celebrates how storytellers, inventors, and technology work together to create cinema magic. family,fantasyfamily,fantasy"},{"title":"Documentary Now!","tags":"  Fred Armisen, Bill Hader, Helen Mirren Elevating the art of parody, this sharply comic series spoofs high-profile documentaries such as \"Grey Gardens\" and \"The Thin Blue Line.\" comedycomedy"},{"title":"Malibu Rescue: The Series","tags":"  Ricardo Hurtado, Breanna Yde, Jackie R. Jacobson, Abby Donnelly, Alkoya Brunson, Jeremy Howard, JT Neal, Bryana Salaz, Ian Ziering, Camaron Engels On the heels of Junior Rescue training, Team Flounder returns to brave the beach in a series of thrilling saves and lighthearted laughs. family,action,comedyfamily,action,comedy"},{"title":"Arthdal Chronicles","tags":"  Song Joong-ki, Jang Dong-gun, Kim Ji-won, Kim Ok-vin, Kim Eui-sung, Cho Seong-ha, Lee Do-gyeong, Park Hae-joon, Park Byung-eun In a mythical land called Arth, the inhabitants of the ancient city of Arthdal and its surrounding regions vie for power as they build a new society. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"Krutant","tags":" Datta Mohan Bhandare Suyog Rajendra Gorhe, Sandeep Kulkarni, Vidya Karanjikar, Sayli Patil When a busy workaholic leaves town to meet friends, an unexpected delay leads him to the hut of an old man, whose haunting tale could change his life. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"A Thousand Goodnights","tags":"  Cindy Lien, Nicholas Teo, Yao Ai-ning, Li Chung-lin, Chen Bor-jeng, Miao Ke-li To carry out her dad's wish and discover her roots, Dai Tian-qing embarks on a journey around Taiwan and finds love and redemption on the way. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"III Smoking Barrels","tags":" Sanjib Dey Subrat Dutta, Indraneil Sengupta, Mandakini Goswami, Amrita Chattopadhyay, Nalneesh Neel, Niloy Sankar Gupta, Shiny Gogoi, Siddharth Boro In three stories set in Northeast India, a child goes on the run, a young adult falls in with the wrong crowd and a desperate man turns to crime. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"March Comes in Like a Lion","tags":"  Kengo Kawanishi, Ai Kayano, Kana Hanazawa, Misaki Kuno, Nobuhiko Okamoto, Marina Inoue, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Shinichiro Miki, Tomokazu Sugita, Subaru Kimura, Shigeru Chiba, Toru Okawa, Takahiro Sakurai Orphaned young, a reclusive 17-year-old professional shogi player starts to come out of his shell when three sisters take him under their wing. anime,foregin,showanime,foregin,show"},{"title":"Oh, Ramona!","tags":" Cristina Jacob Bogdan Iancu, Aggy K. Adams, Holly Horne, Basil Eidenbenz, Melanie Ebanks, Leonardo Boudreau, Andromeda Godfrey Awkward 16-year-old Andrei is infatuated with his alluring but aloof schoolmate Ramona \u2013 until he meets stunning hotel clerk Anemona while on vacation. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"We Are Legends","tags":" Daniel Yee Heng Chan Lam Yiu-sing, Ma Chi Wai, Wiyona Yeung, Eric Kot, Yuen Qiu, Lisa Cheng, Jason Li Raised in a boxing gym, two orphaned brothers become highly skilled martial artists and must combat threats in the streets and the ring. action,foregin,sportsaction,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Bad Blood","tags":"  Anthony LaPaglia, Kim Coates, Enrico Colantoni, Paul Sorvino, Maxim Roy, Brett Donahue, Michelle Mylett, Claudia Ferri, Tony Nappo This sprawling crime drama follows the true story of the Rizzuto family and its associates, who presided over organized crime in Montreal for decades. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Chopsticks","tags":" Sachin Yardi Abhay Deol, Mithila Palkar, Vijay Raaz A gifted but insecure woman embarks on a transformative journey when she enlists an enigmatic con man to recover her stolen car from an eccentric thug. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Mere Pyare Prime Minister","tags":" Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra Anjali Patil, Om Kanojiya, Niteesh Wadhwa, Makrand Deshpande, Syna Anand, Prasad, Adarsh, Rasika Agashe When his mother suffers a traumatic incident, a boy from the Mumbai slums treks to Delhi to deliver his written plea for justice to the Prime Minister. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Pegasus","tags":" Han Han Shen Teng, Yin Zheng, Johnny Huang, Zhang Benyu, Yin Fang, Tian Yu, Wei Xiang After a five-year suspension, a once-legendary race car driver decides to get back in the game against a new generation of opponents. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"When They See Us","tags":"  Asante Blackk, Caleel Harris, Ethan Herisse, Jharrel Jerome, Marquis Rodriguez, Jovan Adepo, Chris Chalk, Justin Cunningham, Freddy Miyares, Michael Kenneth Williams, Marsha Stephanie Blake, Kylie Bunbury, Aunjanue Ellis, Vera Farmiga, Felicity Huffman, John Leguizamo, Niecy Nash Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Svaha: The Sixth Finger","tags":" Jang Jae-hyun Lee Jung-jae, Park Jung-min, Lee Jae-in, Yoo Ji-tae, Jung Jin-young, Lee Da-wit, Jin Seon-kyu, Ji Seung-hyeon, Min Tanaka A minister who researches religious cults turns to his Buddhist monk friend for help investigating a new group with mysterious origins. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Historical Roasts","tags":"  Jeff Ross, Bob Saget, James Adomian, Rachel Feinstein, Jerry Minor, Ayden Mayeri, Jaleel White, Natasha Leggero, Yamaneika Saunders, John Stamos, Nikki Glaser, Seth Green, Fortune Feimster, Jon Lovitz, Mindy Rickles, Gilbert Gottfried, Sasheer Zamata, Brandon T. Jackson, Ryan Phillippe, Ken Marino, Bridget Everett, John Gemberling, Leonardo Nam, Josh Homme \"Roastmaster General\" Jeff Ross and a slew of guest stars poke fun at major historical figures while also honoring their enduring impact on the world. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"After Maria","tags":" Nadia Hallgren  Displaced by Hurricane Maria, three Puerto Rican women navigate their families' uncertain futures as their federal housing aid in New York expires. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Joy","tags":" Sudabeh Mortezai Anwulika Alphonsus, Mariam Precious Sanusi, Angela Ekeleme Close to paying off her debts, a Nigerian sex worker in Austria coaches a reluctant novice, and assesses the risks of taking a faster path to freedom. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Rim of the World","tags":" McG Jack Gore, Miya Cech, Benjamin Flores Jr., Alessio Scalzotto, Andrew Bachelor, Annabeth Gish, Scott MacArthur, Dean S. Jagger, Michael Beach, Lynn Collins, David Theune, Tony Cavalero, Carl McDowell, Punam Patel, Jason Rogel, Chris Wylde, Rudy Mancuso, Amanda Cerny, Allan Graf, Cameron Fuller, Richard Gore, Peter Parros, Annie Cavalero Stranded at a summer camp when aliens attack the planet, four teens with nothing in common embark on a perilous mission to save the world. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"She's Gotta Have It","tags":"  DeWanda Wise, Cleo Anthony, Lyriq Bent, Anthony Ramos, Chyna Layne, Margot Bingham, Ilfanesh Hadera, Elvis Nolasco, De'Adre Aziza Nola Darling struggles to stay true to herself and her dreams while juggling three lovers in this Spike Lee series based on his breakout film. romance,comedy,dramaromance,comedy,drama"},{"title":"The Perfection","tags":" Richard Shepard Allison Williams, Logan Browning, Steven Weber, Alaina Huffman, Mark Kandborg, Graeme Duffy In this twisty horror-thriller, a once-promising music prodigy reconnects with her former mentors, only to find them taken with a talented new pupil. suspense,lgbt,musicsuspense,lgbt,music"},{"title":"WHAT \/ IF","tags":"  Ren\u00e9e Zellweger, Jane Levy, Blake Jenner, Keith Powers, Samantha Marie Ware, Juan Castano, Dave Annable, Saamer Usmani, Daniella Pineda, John Clarence Stewart, Louis Herthum Desperate to secure funding for her med tech startup, an idealistic scientist and her husband strike an outrageous deal with a mysterious investor. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"A Tale of Two Kitchens","tags":" Trisha Ziff  Mexico City restaurant star Gabriela C\u00e1mara opens sister eatery Cala in San Francisco, with a similar menu and unusually welcoming kitchen culture. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Man Who Feels No Pain","tags":" Vasan Bala Abhimanyu Dassani, Radhika Madan, Gulshan Devaiah, Mahesh Manjrekar, Jimit Trivedi, Loveleen Mishra, Sartaaj Kakkar, Riva Arora Leveraging his ability to withstand pain, a young man trains to follow in the footsteps of his martial-arts hero in this high-action, meta comedy. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Wanda Sykes: Not Normal","tags":" Linda Mendoza Wanda Sykes Wanda Sykes tackles politics, reality TV, racism and the secret she'd take to the grave in this rollicking, no-holds-barred stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Prince of Peoria","tags":"  Gavin Lewis, Theodore Barnes, Shelby Simmons, Cynthia Kaye McWilliams A prankster prince who wants to experience life as an ordinary teen leaves his kingdom to live incognito with a single mom and her studious son. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Rosario Tijeras","tags":"  B\u00e1rbara de Regil, Jos\u00e9 Mar\u00eda de Tavira, Antonio Gaona, Hern\u00e1n Mendoza, Vanessa Bauche, Christian Vasquez, Jos\u00e9 Sefami, Ariel L\u00f3pez Padilla Worlds collide when a vengeance-obsessed young woman from the other side of the tracks captures the attention of two well-off friends. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"1994","tags":" Diego Enrique Osorno  Archival video and new interviews examine Mexican politics in 1994, a year marked by the rise of the EZLN and the assassination of Luis Donaldo Colosio. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Born in Gaza","tags":" Hern\u00e1n Zin  This documentary focuses on the devastating violence of the Israel-Palestine conflict and its effects on the children of Gaza. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Born in Syria","tags":" Hern\u00e1n Zin  This intimate documentary follows a group of Syrian children refugees who narrowly escape a life of torment and integrate into a foreign land. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Dying to Tell","tags":" Hern\u00e1n Zin  Seeking answers after a life-changing incident in 2012, filmmaker Hern\u00e1n Zin interviews other war reporters about the personal toll of their work. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"It's Bruno!","tags":"  Solvan \"Slick\" Naim, Rob Morgan, Shakira Barrera, Jade Eshete, Adriane Lenox, Donnell Rawlings, Eden Marryshow, Sam Eliad, Devale Ellis, J. Ray Acosta An old-school Brooklyn native devotes his days to caring for his adorable dog, Bruno \u2013 and making sure the neighbors show his pooch the proper respect. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Maria","tags":" Pedring A. Lopez Cristine Reyes, Germaine De Leon, KC Montero, Ronnie Lazaro, Freddie Webb An ex-assassin tries to leave her dark past behind until a power-hungry gang targets her and her family, forcing her to summon her killer instincts. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Saverio Raimondo: Il Satiro Parlante","tags":" Francesco Imperato Saverio Raimondo Italian comic and satirist Saverio Raimondo regales a Milan crowd with tales of online antics, awkward injuries and white-knuckle flights. comedycomedy"},{"title":"See You Yesterday","tags":" Stefon Bristol Eden Duncan-Smith, Dante Crichlow, Astro, Johnathan Nieves, Marsha Stephanie Blake, Wavyy Jonez, Myra Lucretia Taylor As two teen prodigies try to master the art of time travel, a tragic police shooting sends them on a series of dangerous trips to the past. drama,fantasy,suspensedrama,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"White Gold","tags":"  Ed Westwick, James Buckley, Joe Thomas, Lauren O'Rourke, Linzey Cocker, Nigel Lindsay, Lloyd Hutchinson, Lee Ross In 1980s Essex, cocky salesman Vincent Swan and his unscrupulous team will do anything to get the sale \u2013 including throwing honesty out the window. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Good Sam","tags":" Kate Melville Tiya Sircar, Chad Connell, Marco Grazzini, Jesse Camacho, Mark Camacho, Elana Dunkelman, Kelly Hope Taylor, Kenny Wong, Daniela Sandiford, Christina Tannous A curious reporter finds love while pursuing the story of a mysterious figure who's leaving bags of cash for strangers around New York City. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Jonaki","tags":" Aditya Vikram Sengupta Lolita Chatterjee, Sumanto Chattopadhyay, Ratnabali Bhattacharjee, Jim Sarbh, Indrajit Sinha, Sandershika Tamang, Arunima Sinha, Satya Priya Chakraborty, Christel Das, Burjor Patel In this quiet, wistful drama, a woman on her deathbed searches her fraying memories for love and fulfillment through surreal, meditative tableaux. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"PATRICK (2019)","tags":" Mandie Fletcher Beattie Edmondson, Ed Skrein, Tom Bennett, Jennifer Saunders When a schoolteacher inherits an adorable pug, she has to find a way to take care of it while dealing with her flatlining love life. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Dennis and Gnasher Unleashed","tags":"  Freddie Fox, Kathryn Drysdale, Rasmus Hardiker, Joanna Ruiz, Ryan Sampson, Kelly Marie Stewart Fearless Dennis, his loyal dog Gnasher and best friends Rubi, JJ and Pieface quench their thirst for adventure by wreaking havoc all over Beanotown. foregin,family,comedyforegin,family,comedy"},{"title":"Hamid","tags":" Aijaz Khan Talha Arshad Reshi, Rasika Dugal, Vikas Kumar, Sumit Kaul, Bashir Lone, Gurveer Singh, Ashraf Nagoo, Mir Sarvar Wanting his missing father to come home, a Kashmiri boy repeatedly attempts to call God for help \u2013 until one day, a hardened army officer picks up. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Heidi, bienvenida a casa","tags":"  Chiara Francia, Mercedes Lambre, Victorio D'Alessandro, Mario Guerci, Florencia Ben\u00edtez, Victoria Ramos Inspired by the classic novel, this telenovela follows Heidi, who leaves her happy life in the mountains behind when her aunt takes her to the big city. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Backdraft 2","tags":" Gonzalo L\u00f3pez-Gallego Joe Anderson, William Baldwin, Donald Sutherland, Alisha Bailey, Alastair Mackenzie, Dominic Mafham, Jessamine-Bliss Bell, Martin Hutson, Aaron McCusker, Cyril Nri In this sequel to the 1991 film, a determined fire investigator recruits an imprisoned arsonist to help untangle a web of fire, murder and corruption. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Revisions","tags":"  Koki Uchiyama, Mikako Komatsu, Nobunaga Shimazaki, Rie Takahashi, Manaka Iwami, Soma Saito When Shibuya time-warps to 2388, high schooler Daisuke and his friends are conscripted by AHRV agent Milo to fight the hostile cyborg race, revisions. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Still LAUGH-IN: The Stars Celebrate","tags":"  Lily Tomlin, Tiffany Haddish, Neil Patrick Harris, Michael Douglas, Snoop Dogg, Billy Crystal, Chelsea Handler, Jay Leno, Rita Wilson, Bill Maher, Tony Hale, Rita Moreno, Bobby Moynihan, Michael Rapaport, Mary McCormack, Rob Riggle, Jon Lovitz, Kenya Barris, Ruth Buzzi, Jo Anne Worley, Loni Anderson, Maria Bamford, Margaret Cho, Deon Cole, Taye Diggs, Ron Funches, Nikki Glaser, Jameela Jamil, Natasha Leggero, Loni Love, Cheri Oteri, Russell Peters, Jeff Ross, Lisa Ann Walter This celebration of the groundbreaking comedy show \"Laugh-In\" stars Lily Tomlin, Snoop Dogg, Billy Crystal, Tiffany Haddish, Neil Patrick Harris and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Weed the People","tags":" Abby Epstein  Buoyed by hopeful experiences with medical marijuana, physicians and parents of children with cancer call for more research of its healing potential. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Malibu Rescue","tags":" Savage Steve Holland Ricardo Hurtado, Breanna Yde, Jackie R. Jacobson, Abby Donnelly, Alkoya Brunson, JT Neal, Ian Ziering, Bryana Salaz, Camaron Engels, Jeremy Howard, Jeff Meacham When a long list of shenanigans lands Tyler in hot water, he\u2019s forced to suit up and spend his summer training for an elite junior lifeguard program. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Merata: How Mum Decolonised the Screen","tags":" Hepi Mita Hepi Mita New Zealand film archivist Heperi Mita traces the cinematic legacy of his mother and trailblazing Maori filmmaker Merata Mita. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Defected","tags":"  Kara Hui, Philip Keung, Benjamin Yuen, Sisley Choi, Hui Shiu Hung, Ben Wong, Joman Chiang After surviving a near-fatal injury on the job, a cop sets out to investigate a conspiracy involving the top brass of the police department. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Dry Martina","tags":" Che Sandoval Antonella Costa, Patricio Contreras, Geraldine Neary, Pedro Campos, \u00c1lvaro Espinosa An odd encounter with a fan and a tryst with that fan's ex-boyfriend leads a sexually adventurous singer on an escapade in Chile. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Sh\u00e9h\u00e9razade","tags":" Jean-Bernard Marlin Dylan Robert, Kenza Fortas, Idir Azougli, Lisa Amedjout, Sofia Bent, Nabila Bounad, Kader Benchoudar, Nabila Ait Amer Fresh out of juvenile detention in Marseille, 17-year-old Zach falls for a young prostitute and soon faces a dire dilemma while working as a pimp. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Great Magician","tags":" Yee Tung-Shing Tony Leung Chiu Wai, Lau Ching Wan, Zhou Xun, Wu Gang, Ni Yan, Paul Chun, Kenya Sawada, Lam Suet In 1920s Beijing, a host of talented performers gather to show off their skills. The challenge: reproduce a magic trick called the Eight Immortals. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Easy","tags":"  Aubrey Plaza, Judy Greer, Jane Adams, Zazie Beetz, Kate Berlant, Aya Cash, Michael Chernus, Kiersey Clemons, Orlando Bloom, Malin Akerman, Marc Maron, Dave Franco, Hannibal Buress, Jake Johnson, Emily Ratajkowski, Andrew Bachelor This eclectic, star-studded anthology follows diverse Chicagoans fumbling through the modern maze of love, sex, technology and culture. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"In Family I Trust","tags":" Patricia Font Clara Lago, \u00c1lex Garc\u00eda, Carmen Maura, Alexandra Jim\u00e9nez, Paula Malia, Fernando Guallar, Carlos Cuevas After her partner cheats on her, an architect returns to her hometown to reassess her life with the help of her eccentric family. Based on the novel. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Mechanism","tags":"  Selton Mello, Caroline Abras, Enrique Diaz, Antonio Saboia, Lee Taylor, Otto Jr., Leonardo Medeiros, Osvaldo Mil, Jonathan Haagensen, Giulio Lopes, Susana Ribeiro A scandal erupts in Brazil during an investigation of alleged government corruption via oil and construction companies. Loosely inspired by true events. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Princess Weiyoung","tags":"  Tiffany Tang, Luo Jin, Vanness Wu, Rachel Momo, Hsin Ai Lee A princess descended from a ruined noble family disguises herself as the woman who saved her life and embarks on a mission to avenge her loved ones. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"The Society","tags":"  Kathryn Newton, Gideon Adlon, Sean Berdy, Natasha Liu Bordizzo, Jacques Colimon, Olivia DeJonge, Alex Fitzalan, Kristine Froseth, Jos\u00e9 Juli\u00e1n, Alex MacNicoll, Toby Wallace, Rachel Keller When everyone else mysteriously vanishes from their wealthy town, the teen residents of West Ham must forge their own society to survive. drama,showdrama,show"},{"title":"Wine Country","tags":" Amy Poehler Amy Poehler, Maya Rudolph, Ana Gasteyer, Rachel Dratch, Paula Pell, Emily Spivey, Tina Fey, Jason Schwartzman When longtime friends meet up for a wine-soaked birthday getaway in Napa Valley, their perfectly planned weekend turns messier by the minute. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Gatao 2: Rise of the King","tags":" Yen Cheng-kuo Collin Chou, Jason Wang, Jack Kao, Tsai Chen-nan, Lu Hsueh-feng, Peng Sun When a zealous gang leader plans to take out a friend-turned-rival for control of his turf, internal tensions complicate the battle to be the boss. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Abyss","tags":"  Park Bo-young, Ahn Hyo-seop, Lee Sung-jae, Lee Si-eon, Han So-hee, Kwon Soo-hyun, Kim Sa-rang, Ahn Se-ha, Yun Yoo-sun After meeting an untimely demise in separate incidents, Cha Min and Go Se-yeon discover they\u2019ve come back to life in new bodies they don\u2019t recognize. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"In the Bosom of a Thorn","tags":"  Elham Al Fadalah, Ibrahim Al-Harbi, Khaled Al-Buraiki, Layla Abdullah, Noor Alghandour, Abeer Ahmad After the invasion of Kuwait, a woman\u2019s infant daughter is taken from her. Now, her daughter looks to make her way back home years later. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The Writer","tags":"  Bassel Khayyat, Daniella Rahme, Nada Abou Farhat, Nicolas Daniel, Gabriel Yammine When accused of a murder eerily parallel to a plot in his novel, a best-selling crime writer must navigate a web of hidden enemies. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Last Breath","tags":" Alex Parkinson, Richard da Costa  A commercial diver becomes trapped on the ocean floor with dwindling oxygen and little hope of a timely rescue, so he tries to save himself. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Wandering Earth","tags":" Frant Gwo Jing Wu, Chuxiao Qu, Jinmai Zhao, Li Guangjie, Ng Man-Tat, Mike Kai Sui, Qu Jingjing, Yichi Zhang, Yang Haoyu, Arkady Sharogradsky, Hongchen Li, Lei Jiayin, Yi Yang, Zhigang Jiang, Huan Zhang A looming collision with Jupiter threatens Earth as humans search for a new star. The planet's fate now lies in the hands of a few unexpected heroes. foregin,fantasyforegin,fantasy"},{"title":"All In My Family","tags":" Hao Wu  After starting a family of his very own in America, a gay filmmaker documents his loving, traditional Chinese family's process of acceptance. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Crime Diaries: Night Out","tags":" Felipe Cano Sebasti\u00e1n Osorio, Fabiana Medina, Laura Osma, Enrique Carriazo, Juli\u00e1n Rom\u00e1n, Juliana Vel\u00e1squez, Juan Pablo Urrego, Carlos Vergara, Ernesto Campos, Fabio Rubiano, Ernesto Benjumea, Jairo Camargo, Marcela Agudelo After going to a Halloween party, college student Luis Andr\u00e9s Colmenares is found dead. Was it an accident or murder? Inspired by true events. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Cupcake & Dino - General Services","tags":"  Justin Collette, Mark Little, Kyle Dooley, Mark Forward, Joris Jarksy, Julie Lemieux, Kayla Lorette, Julie Sype An enterprising cupcake and his cheerful dinosaur brother take on jobs of all sorts as they work to help friends and strangers in their eccentric city. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Despite Everything","tags":" Gabriela Tagliavini Blanca Su\u00e1rez, Macarena Garc\u00eda, Amaia Salamanca, Bel\u00e9n Cuesta, Maxi Iglesias, Juan Diego, Joaqu\u00edn Climent, Carlos Bardem, Emilio Guti\u00e9rrez Caba, Tito Valverde, Teresa Rabal, Rossy de Palma, Marisa Paredes After their mother's death, four sisters learn a shocking family secret and embark on an adventure to discover the truth about their genealogy. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile","tags":" Joe Berlinger Zac Efron, Lily Collins, Kaya Scodelario, Jeffrey Donovan, Angela Sarafyan, Jim Parsons, John Malkovich, Haley Joel Osment, Dylan Baker, Brian Geraghty Single mother Liz falls for Ted Bundy and refuses to believe the truth about his crimes for years. A drama based on a true story. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Flinch","tags":"  Desiree Burch, Lloyd Griffith, Seann Walsh Harrowing and hilarious tests await the brave and foolhardy, as well as the judges, in this comedy game show. If they flinch, they feel the pain. showshow"},{"title":"Jo Pil-ho: The Dawning Rage","tags":" Lee Jeong-beom Lee Sun-kyun, Jeon So-nee, Park Hae-joon, Song Young-chang, Park Byung-eun, Lim Hyung-kuk, Kim Min-jae, Kwon Han-sol, Nam Mun-cheol, Lim Cheol-su On the run from a dogged internal affairs agent, a corrupt cop reluctantly teams up with a defiant teen to unravel a conspiracy \u2013 before it's too late. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Last Summer","tags":" William Bindley K.J. Apa, Maia Mitchell, Tyler Posey, Jacob Latimore, Halston Sage, Wolfgang Novogratz, Sosie Bacon, Jacob McCarthy, Mario Revolori, Gage Golightly, Audrey Grace Marshall Teens from a Chicago high school grapple with their dreams, relationships and identities in a transformative summer before they leave for college. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Tuca & Bertie","tags":"  Tiffany Haddish, Ali Wong, Steven Yeun, Nicole Byer, Richard E. Grant, Reggie Watts Free-spirited toucan Tuca and self-doubting song thrush Bertie are best friends \u2013 and birds \u2013 who guide each other through life's ups and downs. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Laatu","tags":" Manav Shah Gagan Kokri, Aditi Sharma, Karamjit Anmol, Sardar Sohi, Anita Devgan, Ashish Duggal, Nisha Bano, Harby Sangha, Rahul Jungral, Prakash Gadhu A man who hopes to bring light to his village must compete with an officer from the electricity department to win over the love of his life. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Olympus Has Fallen","tags":" Antoine Fuqua Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckhart, Morgan Freeman, Finley Jacobsen, Dylan McDermott, Rick Yune, Angela Bassett, Melissa Leo, Radha Mitchell, Cole Hauser, Ashley Judd, Robert Forster A disgraced Secret Service agent must come to the rescue when Korean terrorists descend on the White House and take the president hostage. actionaction"},{"title":"Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion","tags":"  Jun Fukuyama, Takahiro Sakurai, Yukana, Ami Koshimizu, Kaori Nazuka, Fumiko Orikasa, Sayaka Ohara, Noriaki Sugiyama, Takahiro Mizushima, Soichiro Hoshi, Yuko Goto A high-schooler who's granted powers to make anyone instantly obedient dons a mask to lead Japan's rebellion against a long-invading Britannia. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"John & Yoko: Above Us Only Sky","tags":" Michael Epstein John Lennon, Yoko Ono Featuring interviews and never-before-seen footage, this film tells the story behind John Lennon and Yoko Ono\u2019s seminal 1971 album, \u201cImagine.\u201d documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Knock Down The House","tags":" Rachel Lears Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Go behind the scenes as four determined women \u2013 including Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez \u2013 challenge big-money politicians in the 2018 race for Congress. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Munafik 2","tags":" Syamsul Yusof Syamsul Yusof, Maya Karin, Nasir Bilal Khan, Rahim Razali, Fizz Fairuz, Fauzi Nawawi, Mawi, Ku Faridah Haunted by terrifying visions, a Muslim healer finds his faith tested when he helps a woman locked in battle, body and soul, with a diabolical leader. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Sur Sapata","tags":" Mangesh Kanthale Upendra Limaye, Govind Namdeo, Sanjay Jadhav, Anand Ingale, Bharat Ganeshpure, Praveen Tarde, Chinmay Patwardhan, Jivan Karlakar A group of small-town students goes for glory by competing in a statewide kabaddi tournament 25 years after their school's championship victory. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"A Home with A View","tags":" Herman Yau Francis Chun-Yu Ng, Louis Koo, Anita Yuen, Tat-Ming Cheung, Jocelyn Choi, Ng Siu-hin, Lam Suet, Anthony Wong Chau-Sang, Lo Hoi-pang When a neighbor blocks their view of the city with a commercial billboard, a Hong Kong family resorts to drastic, imaginative measures to take it down. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Angel 'N' Devil","tags":"  Simon Lian, Teddy Chen, Sylvia Wang, Cosmos Lin, Ting Liu, Lucia Chen, Allie Ji, Sunnee Yang, Na Wei-hsun In a world known as the Copper Dimension, a group of high-school girls fights against dark forces \u2013 and their own inner demons. foregin,action,comedyforegin,action,comedy"},{"title":"Anthony Jeselnik: Fire in the Maternity Ward","tags":" Marcus Raboy Anthony Jeselnik Forging his own comedic boundaries, Anthony Jeselnik revels in getting away with saying things others can't in this stand-up special shot in New York. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Hong Kong West Side Stories","tags":"  Louis Cheung, Myolie Wu, Justin Cheung, Brian Chan, Raymond Chiu, Fish Liew, Lee Sheung Ching, Kaki Sham, Gregory Wong, Thor Lok The intimate lives of young men and women from Hong Kong are linked by loosely connected stories about love, lust, separation and deceit. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Ingress: The Animation","tags":"  Yoshiki Nakajima, Reina Ueda, Shigeo Kiyama, Tarusuke Shingaki, Kohsuke Toriumi, Kentaro Tone, Hiroo Sasaki, Megumi Ogata After scientists discover a mysterious substance that can influence human minds, two factions wage an all-out battle to control its awesome power. anime,action,foreginanime,action,foregin"},{"title":"K.O.3an Guo","tags":"  George Hu, Chen De-xiu, Bo Yan, Lorene Ren, Tsai Yi-chen, Benjamin H. Wang, Wes Lo, Shao Xiang, Pets Tseng, Nylon Chen, Wu Xiong In the Silver Dimension, Liu Bei, Guan Yu and Zhang Fei plan to enroll in an elite academy as sworn brothers, but KO One visitors derail the plan. foregin,comedy,fantasyforegin,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"The Outsiders","tags":"  Dylan Kuo, Ady An, Lan Cheng-Lung, Michael Chang, Joelle Lu A trio of delinquent brothers fends off neighborhood rivals until one joins a gang to gain protection for the upper-class girl he loves. action,foregin,romanceaction,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Ash vs. Evil Dead","tags":"  Bruce Campbell, Lucy Lawless, Ray Santiago, Dana DeLorenzo, Jill Marie Jones Thirty years later, Ash Williams \u2013 demon hunter par excellence \u2013 is back to battle a new Deadite plague. He may have lost a hand, but not his touch. action,comedy,suspenseaction,comedy,suspense"},{"title":"Teen Aur Aadha","tags":" Dar Gai Zoya Hussain, Suhasini Mulay, Jim Sarbh, Aarya Dave, Anjum Rajabali, M.K. Raina At a 50-year-old house that served as a school, a brothel, and now a home, tales unfold of the residents who have lived there, longing for an escape. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Se\u00f1ora Acero","tags":"  Blanca Soto, Litzy, Dami\u00e1n Alc\u00e1zar, Marco P\u00e9rez, Jorge Z\u00e1rate, Rossana San Juan, Andr\u00e9s Palacios, Rebecca Jones, Lincoln Palomeque When her drug-trafficking husband dies, an unassuming woman stakes her own claim in the business in order to care for her gravely ill son. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Chambers","tags":"  Sivan Alyra Rose, Uma Thurman, Tony Goldwyn, Marcus LaVoi, Nicholas Galitzine, Kyanna Simone Simpson, Griffin Powell-Arcand, Lilli Kay, Sarah Mezzanotte, Lilliya Scarlett Reid Haunted by eerie visions and sinister impulses after a heart transplant, a teenager tries to unmask the truth behind her donor's mysterious death. suspense,suspense,showsuspense,suspense,show"},{"title":"Loving is Losing","tags":" Fernando Ayll\u00f3n Ricardo Quevedo, Liss Pereira, Iv\u00e1n Mar\u00edn, Lorna Cepeda, Carolina Sarmiento, Linda Baldrich, Joavany \u00c1lvarez, Mar\u00eda Cecilia Botero, Roc\u00edo Tavera, Bruno D\u00edaz When a newly single photographer is forced to work with a longtime rival, the battle of their egos turns into a chance for love. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Money Trap","tags":" Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan, K\u0131van\u00e7 Tatl\u0131tu\u011f, Ezgi Mola, Bensu Soral, R\u0131za Kocao\u011flu, Okan \u00c7abalar, G\u00fcven K\u0131ra\u00e7, Ahmet M\u00fcmtaz Taylan When his daughter and son-in-law fall prey to a scam, Istanbul con man As\u0131m Noyan meets his match in a madcap kingpin of an underground gambling world. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Njan Prakashan","tags":" Sathyan Anthikad Fahadh Faasil, Sreenivasan, Nikhila Vimal, Devika Sanjay, Anju Kurian, K.P.A.C. Lalitha Yearning for a lavish life abroad, an entitled, lazy sexist crafts a scam to ditch his thankless nursing job and find a wealthy spouse to secure a visa. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"ReMastered: Devil at the Crossroads","tags":" Brian Oakes  Cloaked in mystery, bluesman Robert Johnson left his mark on American music. Now family, critics and famous fans look for the real man behind the music. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Street Food","tags":"   Embark on a global cultural journey into street food and discover the stories of the people who create the flavorful dishes. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"A Fortunate Man","tags":" Bille August Esben Smed, Katrine Rosenthal, Benjamin Kitter, Julie Christiansen, Tommy Kenter, Tammi \u00d8st, Rasmus Bjerg, Ole Lemmeke, Sarah Viktoria Bjerregaard, Anders Hove, Jens Albinus A gifted engineer flees his austere roots to pursue wealth and success among Copenhagen's elite, but the pride propelling him threatens to be his ruin. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"KO One","tags":"  Aaron Yan, Jiro Wang, Calvin Ka-Sing Chen, Danson Tang, Tsai Yi-chen, Alien Huang Gifted with special powers, fighting skills and slick hair, the rowdy KO One navigates tough friendships and high school romance. foregin,action,comedyforegin,action,comedy"},{"title":"Lunatics","tags":"  Chris Lilley This mockumentary series follows the peculiar lives of six eccentric \u2013 and sometimes obscene \u2013 misfits who march to their own beat. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Music Teacher","tags":" Sarthak Dasgupta Manav Kaul, Amrita Bagchi, Divya Dutta, Neena Gupta, Niharika Lyra Dutt, K.C. Shankar A dejected small-town music teacher grapples with guilt and regret when his ex-pupil who once loved him returns home as the star he always wanted to be. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"My Dear Boy","tags":"  Ruby Lin, Derek Chang, Lee Lee-zen, Archie Kao, Yen Yi-wen, Chu Chung-heng, Aaron Chen, Greg Han, Wen Chen-ling, Zhang Guang-chen Heartbroken and romantically pessimistic, a commercial director meets a young artist and teaches him life-changing lessons about love. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Rilakkuma and Kaoru","tags":"  Mikako Tabe, Soki Matsumoto, Takayuki Yamada, Mai Kanazawa, Shigeru Sugimoto, Issei Takubo, Kanako Nishiyama, Yuzuha Kobayashi, Masako Matsuno, Kana Odaira, Hitoshi Honma, Ayano Kinashi Her life might be a little mundane, but Kaoru gets to go home to Rilakkuma, her endearingly lazy roommate who happens to be a fuzzy toy bear. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Samantha!","tags":"  Emmanuelle Ara\u00fajo, Douglas Silva, Sabrina Nonata, Cau\u00e3 Gon\u00e7alves, Daniel Furlan, Alice Braga, Alessandra Negrini, Lorena Comparato, Rodrigo Pandolfo, Luciana Vendramini, Maria Eduarda, Sidney Alexandre, Enzo Ovideo, Mauricio Xavier, Paulo Tiefenthaler, Ary Fran\u00e7a A child star in the '80s, Samantha clings to the fringes of celebrity with hilarious harebrained schemes to launch herself back into the spotlight. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Someone Great","tags":" Jennifer Kaytin Robinson Gina Rodriguez, Brittany Snow, DeWanda Wise, Lakeith Stanfield, RuPaul Charles, Peter Vack, Alex Moffat, Rosario Dawson, Rebecca Naomi Jones, Jaboukie Young-White, Michelle Buteau, Questlove On the heels of a blindsiding breakup, music journalist Jenny braces for a new beginning \u2013 and one last adventure with her closest friends. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"The Ruthless","tags":" Renato De Maria Riccardo Scamarcio, Sara Serraiocco, Alessio Pratic\u00f2, Alessandro Tedeschi, Marie-Ange Casta A rebellious teen grows up to become one of Milan's most ambitious criminals during the golden years of the 'ndrangheta Mafia in the 1980s. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"A Little Chaos","tags":" Alan Rickman Kate Winslet, Matthias Schoenaerts, Alan Rickman, Stanley Tucci, Helen McCrory, Steven Waddington, Jennifer Ehle, Rupert Penry-Jones, Paula Paul, Danny Webb, Phyllida Law A willful young woman is hired to design a garden at Versailles for Louis XIV. Soon, she's ensnared in political and romantic complications. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Franco Escamilla: Bienvenido al mundo","tags":" Ulises Valencia Franco Escamilla Comedian Franco Escamilla shares stories about parenting his children when they get into trouble, with reflections on gender, friendship and romance. comedycomedy"},{"title":"About Time","tags":" Richard Curtis Domhnall Gleeson, Rachel McAdams, Bill Nighy, Lydia Wilson, Lindsay Duncan, Richard Cordery, Tom Hollander, Margot Robbie, Joshua McGuire, Vanessa Kirby When Tim learns that the men in his family can travel in time and change their own lives, he decides to go back and win the woman of his dreams. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bollywood Calling","tags":" Nagesh Kukunoor Om Puri, Pat Cusick, Navin Nischol, Perizaad Zorabian A down-and-out Hollywood actor is utterly unprepared for the eccentricities that await when an Indian producer offers him a role in a Bollywood film. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ek Khiladi Ek Haseena","tags":" Suparn Verma Koena Mitra, Fardeen Khan, Kay Kay Menon, Mumait Khan, Rakhi Sawant, Feroz Khan, Zabyn Khan, Rohit Roy, Gulshan Grover, Amin Hajee Indebted to a gangster, a grifter assembles a band of fellow swindlers to attempt his biggest scam yet, but it's soon clear that no one can be trusted. foregin,music,suspenseforegin,music,suspense"},{"title":"Generation Iron 3","tags":" Vlad Yudin  Bodybuilders come together from around the world to compete in the Mr. Olympia competition and try to achieve their goals of physical perfection. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi","tags":" Sudhir Mishra Kay Kay Menon, Shiney Ahuja, Chitrangada Singh, Ram Kapoor, Saurabh Shukla, Yashpal Sharma, Jasbir Malik, Sohrab Ardeshir, Aditya Bhattacharya, Arif Zakaria In a politically charged India of the 1970s, three friends are transformed by personal ideologies, dangerous ambitions and matters of the heart. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Jhankaar Beats","tags":" Sujoy Ghosh Rahul Bose, Sanjay Suri, Rinke Khanna, Riya Sen, Juhi Chawla, Shayan Munshi Juggling personal predicaments and workplace woes, three buddies and bandmates practice for their ultimate dream: winning a coveted music competition. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Mumbai Matinee","tags":" Anant Balani Rahul Bose, Vijay Raaz, Anusha Dhandekar, Perizaad Zorabian, Saurabh Shukla, Asrani, Shehzad Khan Still a virgin at 32 years old, a frustrated advertising agent gets the shock of his life when an unlikely chain of events turns him into a porn star. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Rainbow Jelly","tags":" Soukarya Ghosal Mahabrata Basu, Anumegha Banerjee, Koushik Sen, Sreelekha Mitra, Shantilal Mukherjee, Iqbal Sultan, Daminee Basu, Subhajit Das Mistreated by his cruel uncle, an imaginative orphan with autism sees hope when a fairy vows to change his life with a week of enchanted recipes. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Shabd","tags":" Leena Yadav Sanjay Dutt, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Zayed Khan, Brijendra Kala, Sadiya Siddiqui, Kamini Khanna When a novelist seeks inspiration by urging his wife to have an affair, the line between his story and his real life grows disconcertingly blurry. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Shortcut Safari","tags":" Amitabha Singh Jimmy Shergill, Aashi Rawal, Stuti Dwivedi, Deah Tandon, Sharvil Patel, Hardil Kanabar, Mann Patel, Ugam Khetani, Manmeet Singh, Nazia Davison Unexpected wildlife adventures and valuable life lessons await seven city kids when they suddenly become lost in the forest during a school field trip. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Thriller","tags":" Dallas Jackson Jessica Allain, Luke Tennie, Tequan Richmond, Paige Hurd, Chelsea Rendon, Mitchell Edwards, Pepi Sonuga, Jason Woods, Maestro Harrell, RZA, Mykelti Williamson When a prank goes wrong, a shy kid from Compton is sent away for murder. Four years later, he\u2019s back and out for revenge on homecoming weekend. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Crazy Ex-Girlfriend","tags":"  Rachel Bloom, Vincent Rodriguez III, Santino Fontana, Donna Lynne Champlin, Pete Gardner, Vella Lovell, Gabrielle Ruiz, Scott Michael Foster Still pining for Josh, the boy who dumped her ages ago, whip-smart lawyer Rebecca jettisons her New York life and moves to California to win him back. romance,comedyromance,comedy"},{"title":"Who Would You Take to a Deserted Island?","tags":" Jota Linares Mar\u00eda Pedraza, Jaime Lorente, Pol Monen, Andrea Ros On their last night together, four longtime flatmates' lives are suddenly upended when a secret is revealed during the course of an evening celebration. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Dabbe 5: Zehr-i Cin","tags":" Hasan Karacada\u011f Nil G\u00fcnal, \u00dcmit B\u00fclent Din\u00e7er, Sultan K\u00f6ro\u011flu K\u0131l\u0131\u00e7, Emir \u00d6zbek Y\u0131ld\u0131z, Pelin Acar, Murat Sevi\u015f When Dilek becomes haunted by evil spirits and loses control of her body, she seeks the help of a woman with dark secrets to cure her. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Dabbe: The Possession","tags":" Hasan Karacada\u011f Cansu Kurgun, Irmak \u00d6rnek, A. Murat \u00d6zgen, Sultan K\u00f6ro\u011flu K\u0131l\u0131\u00e7, El\u00e7in Atamg\u00fc\u00e7, Sabriye G\u00fcn\u00fc\u00e7, Furkan Bayraktar, Mehmet Canbeg, Oguzhan Kocakli Ahead of her wedding, K\u00fcbra is possessed by demons. When an examination reveals more horror, her friend, a psychiatrist, tries to perform an exorcism. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Francesco De Carlo: Cose di Questo Mondo","tags":"  Francesco De Carlo Taking the stage in Milan, Francesco De Carlo opens up about his bad habits, religion, politics and what he's learned from traveling the world. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Huge in France","tags":"  Gad Elmaleh, Scott Keiji Takeda, Jordan Ver Hoeve, Erinn Hayes, Matthew Del Negro Eager to reconnect with his son, French comedy star Gad Elmaleh moves to LA, only to discover that he's left all his fame and celebrity perks behind. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Perfect Date","tags":" Chris Nelson Noah Centineo, Laura Marano, Camila Mendes, Odiseas Georgiadis, Matt Walsh, Joe Chrest, Carrie Lazar, Alex Biglane, Blaine Kern III, Zak Steiner To earn money for college, a high schooler launches an app offering his services as a fake date. But when real feelings emerge, things get complicated. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"New Girl","tags":"  Zooey Deschanel, Jake Johnson, Max Greenfield, Hannah Simone, Lamorne Morris, Damon Wayans Jr. Still rebounding from a breakup, Jessica Day moves in with three single guys, all of whom are ready to help her understand the ways of the world. romance,comedyromance,comedy"},{"title":"Persona","tags":" Lee Kyoungmi, Yim Pilsung, Jeon Go-woon, Kim Jong-kwan Lee Ji-eun (IU), Bae Doona, Park Hae Soo, Kim Tae-hun, Shim Dal-gi, Lee Sung-wook, Jung Jun Won An exploration of different personas in an eclectic collection of four works by critically acclaimed Korean directors. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Liss Pereira: Reteniendo l\u00edquidos","tags":" Fernando Ayll\u00f3n Liss Pereira A pregnant Liss Pereira shares hilariously uncomfortable truths about sex, love, attraction and the lies we tell in modern relationships. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Silence","tags":" John R. Leonetti Stanley Tucci, Kiernan Shipka, Miranda Otto, Kate Trotter, John Corbett, Kyle Breitkopf, Dempsey Bryk, Billy MacLellan With the world under attack by deadly creatures who hunt by sound, a teen and her family seek refuge outside the city and encounter a mysterious cult. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"You vs. Wild","tags":"  Bear Grylls In this interactive series, you'll make key decisions to help Bear Grylls survive, thrive and complete missions in the harshest environments on Earth. family,show,documentalfamily,show,documental"},{"title":"Sarvam Thaala Mayam (Telugu Version)","tags":" Rajiv Menon G.V. Prakash Kumar, Nedumudi Venu, Aparna Balamurali, Divyadarshini, Vineeth, Kumaravel, Ravi Prakash, Sumesh An aspiring musician battles age-old caste divides to be able to learn the art of a classical instrument from a traditionalist, veteran percussionist. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Time: The Kalief Browder Story","tags":"   This series traces the tragic case of Kalief Browder, a Bronx teen who spent three horrific years in jail, despite never being convicted of a crime. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Alien Warfare","tags":" Jeremiah Jones Clayton Snyder, David Meadows, Daniel Washington, Scott C. Roe, Larissa Andrade, Sal Rendino, Jose Guns Alves, Scott King The U.S. Navy Seal team tackles a top-secret mission at a research center where scientists have mysteriously disappeared and another life form awaits. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Derek","tags":"  Ricky Gervais, Kerry Godliman, Karl Pilkington, David Earl, Kay Noone, Tim Barlow, Arthur Nightingale, Sheila Collings, Margaret Towner, Barry Martin, Prem Modgil, Blanche Williams, Ninette Finch, Brett Goldstein, Ruth Bratt, Holli Dempsey Ricky Gervais created and stars in this heartwarming comedy-drama series as a loyal English nursing home caretaker who sees only the good in everyone. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Imposters","tags":"  Inbar Lavi, Rob Heaps, Parker Young, Marianne Rend\u00f3n, Stephen Bishop, Brian Benben, Katherine La Nasa Supported by a team of fellow thieves, a con artist lures her targets into matrimony and then absconds with their fortunes in this darkly comic series. action,foregin,comedyaction,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Our Planet","tags":"  David Attenborough Experience our planet's natural beauty and examine how climate change impacts all living creatures in this ambitious documentary of spectacular scope. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Petta","tags":" Karthik Subbaraj Rajnikanth, Vijay Sethupathi, M. Sasikumar, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Trisha Krishnan, Simran An affable, newly appointed college warden proves to be no ordinary man when an old enemy resurfaces and exposes his complicated, violent past. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Quicksand","tags":"  Hanna Ard\u00e9hn, Felix Sandman, William Spetz, Ella Rappich, David Dencik, Reuben Sallmander, Maria Sundbom, Rebecka Hemse, Arvid Sand, Helena af Sandeberg, Anna Bj\u00f6rk After a tragedy at a school sends shock waves through a wealthy Stockholm suburb, a seemingly well-adjusted teen finds herself on trial for murder. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Rimba Racer","tags":"  Steven Tan, Iain McNally, Chi-Ren Choong, Kevin Adrian Barnaby, Tikriti Shabudin, Sherilyn Pang Li Ching, Azman Zulkiply In this animated action series, a rookie driver seeks glory in a world-class auto race, but he\u2019ll need more than just his talent behind the wheel. familyfamily"},{"title":"Roman Empire: Reign of Blood","tags":"  Sean Bean, Aaron Jakubenko, Edwin Wright, Mike Edward, Genevieve Aitken, John Bach, Tai Berdinner-Blades, Jared Turner, Andrew Foster, Calum Gittins, Shane Bartle, Ella Becroft, Lisa Chappell, Emma Fenton, Phil Brown, Carl Bland, Adam Gardiner This stylish mix of documentary and historical epic chronicles the reign of Commodus, the emperor whose rule marked the beginning of Rome's fall. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Spirit: Riding Free","tags":"  Amber Frank, Sydney Park, Bailey Gambertoglio, Darcy Rose Byrnes, Nolan North, Kari Wahlgren, Andy Pessoa, Tiya Sircar, Jonathan Craig WIlliams, Robert Knepper In a small Western town, spunky ex-city girl Lucky forms a tight bond with wild horse Spirit while having adventures with best pals Pru and Abigail. familyfamily"},{"title":"Tijuana","tags":"  Dami\u00e1n Alc\u00e1zar, Tamara Vallarta, Rolf Petersen, Claudette Maill\u00e9, Tet\u00e9 Espinoza, Iv\u00e1n Arag\u00f3n, Martha Claudia Moreno, Ed\u00e9n Villavicencio, Carlos Corona, Giancarlo Ruiz, Mayra Batalla, Rodrigo Abed, Roberto Mateos, Anabel Ferreira, Roberto Sosa When a prominent politician is murdered, the intrepid journalists of Frente Tijuana risk their lives to uncover the truth. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Unicorn Store","tags":" Brie Larson Brie Larson, Samuel L. Jackson, Joan Cusack, Bradley Whitford, Mamoudou Athie, Hamish Linklater, Martha MacIsaac, Karan Soni, Annaleigh Ashford After failing out of art school and taking a humdrum office job, a whimsical painter gets a chance to fulfill her lifelong dream of adopting a unicorn. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Possessed","tags":"  Song Sae-byeok, Go Joon-hee, Youn Jung-hoon, Jo Han-sun, Lee Won-jong, Park Gene-woo, Kwon Hyuk-hyun, Park Sang-min A reluctant clairvoyant joins forces with a brusque police detective hiding a soft heart to help him solve criminal cases using her psychic abilities. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Suzzanna: Buried Alive","tags":" Rocky Soraya, Anggy Umbara Luna Maya, Herjunot Ali, Teuku Rifnu Wikana, Verdi Solaiman, Alex Abbad After a pregnant woman is murdered, her spirit seeks revenge against her increasingly terrified killers, who are determined to finish her off for good. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Tango","tags":"  Bassel Khayyat, Daniella Rahme, Bassam Moughneih, Dana Mardini, Youssef Haddad, Talal Jarday, Sameera Barody Shocking secrets begin to unravel when the aftermath of a car crash leaves four best friends questioning the truth of their relationships. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Ek Ladki Ko Dekha Toh Aisa Laga","tags":" Shelly Chopra Dhar Anil Kapoor, Sonam Kapoor, Rajkummar Rao, Juhi Chawla, Abhishek Duhan, Regina Cassandra, Madhumalti Kapoor, Seema Pahwa, Brijendra Kala, Alka Badola Kaushal As her family seeks to marry her off and a hopeful writer pursues her, a small-town woman struggles to reveal the long-hidden truth about who she loves. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Jagat","tags":" Shanjey Kumar Perumal Harvind Raj, Jibrail Rajhula, Tinesh Sarathi Krishnan, Kuben Mahadevan, Senthil Kumaran Muniandy In early 1990s Malaysia, a Tamilian boy faces pressure from his immigrant father to focus on school but is drawn to his uncles\u2019 lives of crime. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Kevin Hart: Irresponsible","tags":" Leslie Small Kevin Hart As a father of three on his second marriage, Kevin Hart proves that being him is indeed a tall order in a fresh special inspired by his own mistakes. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Love O2O","tags":" Tianyu Zhao Jing Boran, Angelababy, Yu Bai, Li Qin, Li Xian, Seven Tan, Janice Wu, Jayden Wang, Cheng Yi, Li Jiuxiao A college stud tries to level up his relationship with a computer science major after becoming attracted to her skills in an online role-playing game. foregin,romance,fantasyforegin,romance,fantasy"},{"title":"Pinky Memsaab","tags":" Shazia Ali Khan Hajira Yamin, Kiran Malik, Adnan Jaffar, Sunny Hinduja, Khalid Ahmed, Shamim Hilaly, Hajrah Khan, Ahmed Ali Khan When a guileless young woman becomes the domestic worker in a wealthy Dubai household, her bond with her posh employer changes both of their lives. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"That Winter, the Wind Blows","tags":"  Zo In-sung, Song Hye-kyo, Kim Bum, Jung Eun-ji, Bae Jong-ok, Young-hoon Kim Seeing the chance to enrich himself by deceiving a blind heiress, clever con man Oh Soo just does what comes naturally \u2013 but his plans soon change. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Trap","tags":" Erik White T.I., Mike Epps, Loretta Devine, Queen Latifah, Teyana Taylor, Meagan Tandy, Stephen Bishop, Roland Powell, Joel Rush A man returns home to Atlanta to try and turn around his family's struggling restaurant with the help of a new chicken recipe. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ultraman","tags":"  Ryohei Kimura, Takuya Eguchi, Megumi Han, Hideyuki Tanaka, Sumire Morohoshi, Ken Uo, Shigeru Ushiyama, Ryota Takeuchi, Eiji Hanawa, Hirokazu Sekido, Minoru Shiraishi, Kenjiro Tsuda, Hiroaki Hirata, Kaiji Soze Decades ago, a hero from the stars left this world in peace. Now, the son of Ultraman must rise to protect the Earth from a new alien threat. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Mercy Black","tags":" Owen Egerton Daniella Pineda, Elle LaMont, Janeane Garofalo, Miles Emmons, Lee Eddy, Austin Amelio, Elke Boucher-Depew, Dylan Gage, Troy Anthony Hogan, Jamy Lentz Fifteen years after a traumatic crime, a woman is released from psychiatric care and tries to drive out an evil spirit that continues to haunt her. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Burial of Kojo","tags":" Sam \"Blitz\" Bazawule Cynthia Dankwa, Ama K. Abebrese, Joseph Otsiman, Kobina Amissah Sam, Mamley Djangmah, Henry Adofo, Anima Misa, Brian Angels When a man is left to die inside an illegal gold mine, his daughter travels through a magical landscape to save him. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Pablo","tags":"  Jake Williamson, Rachael Dickson, Sumita Majumdar, Michael White, Tony Finnegan, Scott Mulligan, Rosie King Equipped with crayons and his creativity, a boy with autism draws an imaginary world where his animal pals help him tackle real-life situations. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"15 August","tags":" Swapnaneel Jayakar Rahul Pethe, Mrunmayee Deshpande, Adinath Kothare, Vaibhav Mangale, Jaywant Wadkar, Satish Pulekar, Naina Apte, Uday Tikekar On India's Independence Day, a zany mishap in a Mumbai chawl disrupts a young love story while compelling the residents to unite in aid of a little boy. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bayonet","tags":" Kyzza Terrazas Luis Gerardo M\u00e9ndez, Brontis Jodorowsky, Joonas Saartamo, Laura Birn, Ilkka Koivula, Ville Virtanen, Ra\u00fal Villegas, Miriam Balderas, Ximena Guzm\u00e1n Alone in Finland, a retired Mexican boxer lives in desolation under the weight of an agonizing past, until he gets a shot at redemption in the ring. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Osmosis","tags":"  Agathe Bonitzer, Hugo Becker, Ga\u00ebl Kamilindi, Mano\u00ebl Dupont, St\u00e9phane Pitti, Luna Silva, Yuming Hey, Suzanne Rault-Balet, Philypa Phoenix, Lena Lapres, Waly Dia, Aur\u00e9lia Petit, Lionel Lingelser, Fabien Ducommun In near-future Paris, two brilliant siblings unveil a high-tech implant designed to pair up soul mates. But the beta test yields unwelcome surprises. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Santa Clarita Diet","tags":"  Drew Barrymore, Timothy Olyphant, Liv Hewson, Skyler Gisondo They're ordinary husband and wife realtors until she undergoes a dramatic change that sends them down a road of death and destruction. In a good way. comedy,suspense,suspensecomedy,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Highwaymen","tags":" John Lee Hancock Kevin Costner, Woody Harrelson, Kathy Bates, John Carroll Lynch, Thomas Mann, Kim Dickens, W. Earl Brown, William Sadler Two steely former Texas Rangers are tasked with tracking and killing infamous criminals Bonnie and Clyde in this crime drama based on real events. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Legend of Cocaine Island","tags":" Theo Love  An urban legend about a duffel bag of cocaine buried in the Caribbean leads a misfit band to hatch a nutball plan to find it in this comic documentary. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Traitors","tags":"  Emma Appleton, Michael Stuhlbarg, Luke Treadaway, Keeley Hawes, Brandon P. Bell, Matt Lauria, Jamie Blackley, David Hargreaves, Sam Hoare, Simon Kunz, Greg McHugh, Stephen Campbell Moore, Cara Horgan As World War II ends, a young English woman agrees to help an enigmatic American agent root out Russian infiltration of the British government. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Versailles","tags":"  George Blagden, Alexander Vlahos, Tygh Runyan, Stuart Bowman, Evan Williams, Elisa Lasowski, Joe Sheridan, Steve Cumyn, Anna Brewster, Maddison Jaizani, Pip Torrens, Catherine Walker, Lizzie Brocher\u00e9, Geoffrey Bateman King Louis XIV of France commissions a lavish palace that becomes a fierce battleground for love and politics \u2013 and a gilded prison for nobility. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Ainori Love Wagon: Asian Journey","tags":"  Becky, Audrey, Mayuko Kawakita, Shimon Okura Seven men and women board a pink bus in search of true love. On a journey through Asia with strangers, their goal is to return to Japan as a couple. foregin,show,romanceforegin,show,romance"},{"title":"Danur: I Can See Ghosts","tags":" Awi Suryadi Prilly Latuconsina, Sandrinna Michelle, Shareefa Daanish, Indra Brotolaras, Kinaryosih, Inggrid Widjanarko, Asha Kenyeri Bermudez, Wesley Andrew, Kevin Bzezovski Taroreh, Gamaharitz Adapted from a best-selling novel, this horror film shows Risa befriending ghosts until an evil spirit tries to take her sister to the other side. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Verses of Love","tags":" Hanung Bramantyo Fedi Nuril, Rianti Cartwright, Carissa Putri, Melanie Putria, Zaskia Adya Mecca, Surya Saputra, Dennis Adhiswara, Oka Antara Polygamy, piety and personal principles collide for a charming and congenial young university student struggling in a four-way love triangle. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Nate Bargatze: The Tennessee Kid","tags":" Ryan Polito Nate Bargatze Comic Nate Bargatze touches on air travel, cheap weddings, college football, chocolate milk and the perils of ordering coffee in this stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Sei","tags":" Raj Babu Nakhul, Aanchal Munjal, Nassar, Prakash Raj, Thalaivasal Vijay, Manobala, Jeyan Cherthala, Annadurai Kannadasan An aspiring yet aimless actor takes over his ailing father's job as an ambulance driver, unwittingly getting involved in an organ-trafficking network. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Superlopez","tags":" Javier Ruiz Caldera Dani Rovira, Alexandra Jim\u00e9nez, Juli\u00e1n L\u00f3pez, Maribel Verd\u00fa, Pedro Casablanc, Gracia Olayo, Ferran Ra\u00f1\u00e9, Gonzalo de Castro, Mireia Portas In this adaptation of the comic strip, Juan L\u00f3pez must balance an office job with heroic feats to save the love of his life and native planet Chit\u00f3n. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Oversize Cops","tags":" Chanon Yingyong, Phuwanit Pholdee Sarun Cinsuvapala, Pramote Pathan, Suphachai Subprasert, Somyos Matures, Supavitch Nepremwattana, Nachjaree Horvejkul, Jatupone Chompoonich, Chertsak Pratumseesakhon While investigating a bank robbery, a squad of overweight police officers undergoes rigorous training to shed pounds. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Charlie's Colorforms City","tags":"  Jacob Soley, Saara Chaudry, Tyler Barish, Zoe Hatz, Julie Lemieux, Joseph Motiki, Shoshana Sperling, Adrianna Di Liello, Deann Degruijter, Stacey DePass Charlie creates fun stories using different shapes, and he needs your help! Take off for adventures in outer space, the Wild West \u2013 and right at home. familyfamily"},{"title":"Crime Diaries: The Candidate","tags":"  Jorge A. Jim\u00e9nez, Ilse Salas, Alberto Guerra, Gustavo S\u00e1nchez Parra, Jorge Antonio Guerrero, Ari Brickman, Mart\u00edn Altomaro, Hern\u00e1n Del Riego, Norma Ang\u00e9lica, Lisa Owen, Eligio Mel\u00e9ndez, Marco Trevi\u00f1o, Pedro de Tavira Egurrola, Leonardo Alonso In 1994, Mexican presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio's assassination sends his dying widow racing to uncover who did it. Based on true events. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Delhi Crime","tags":"  Shefali Shah, Rajesh Tailang, Rasika Dugal, Adil Hussain, Vinod Sharawat, Mridul Sharma, Gopal Dutt Tiwari, Anurag Arora, Gaurav Rana, Yashaswini Dayama As Delhi reels in the aftermath of a gang rape, DCP Vartika Chaturvedi leads a painstaking search for the culprits. Based on the 2012 Nirbhaya case. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Mirage","tags":" Oriol Paulo Adriana Ugarte, Chino Dar\u00edn, Javier Guti\u00e9rrez, \u00c1lvaro Morte, Nora Navas, Miquel Fern\u00e1ndez, Clara Segura, Mima Riera, Aina Clotet, Albert P\u00e9rez, Julio Bohigas-Couto, Bel\u00e9n Rueda A space-time continuum glitch allows Vera to save a boy's life 25 years earlier, but results in the loss of her daughter, whom she fights to get back. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"ReMastered: The Miami Showband Massacre","tags":" Stuart Sender  The killing of three members of the Miami Showband sent shock waves across Ireland in 1975. Now one survivor doggedly pursues the truth. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"The Dirt","tags":" Jeff Tremaine Douglas Booth, Iwan Rheon, Colson Baker, Daniel Webber, David Costabile, Pete Davidson In this unflinching biopic based on M\u00f6tley Cr\u00fce's best-selling book, four LA misfits navigate the monster highs and savage lows of music superstardom. comedy,drama,musiccomedy,drama,music"},{"title":"The OA","tags":"  Brit Marling, Jason Isaacs, Emory Cohen, Scott Wilson, Phyllis Smith, Alice Krige, Patrick Gibson, Brendan Meyer, Brandon Perea, Ian Alexander, Will Brill, Riz Ahmed, Paz Vega Seven years after vanishing from her home, a young woman returns with mysterious new abilities and recruits five strangers for a secret mission. drama,suspense,fantasydrama,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Bo on the Go!","tags":"  Catherine O'Connor, Andrew Sabiston, Jim Fowler Staying at home doesn't mean sitting still for energetic Bo and her little dragon friend Dezzy, who embark on amazing adventures through movement. familyfamily"},{"title":"Stay Tuned!","tags":"  Kyoko Yoshine, Hiroki Iijima, Kanako Miyashita, Yo Oizumi, Ken Yasuda She's the most unlikely candidate to ever stumble into the role of a reporter, and she\u2019s keeping everyone on their toes with her eccentric ways. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"The Amazing Praybeyt Benjamin","tags":" Wenn V. Deramas Vice Ganda, Bimby Aquino-Yap, Alex Gonzaga, Tom Rodriguez Now a celebrity, Benjie is tasked with taking care of a General's young son, who has information about a looming terrorist threat. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Super Parental Guardians","tags":" Joyce Bernal Vice Ganda, Coco Martin, Onyok Pineda, Awra Briguela, Assunta de Rossi, Pepe Herrera, Joem Bascon, Matet De Leon, Kiray Celis, Lassy Marquez, MC Calaquian Following his best friend's death, Arci takes charge of her two boisterous children with some help from their gang-affiliated uncle. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Third Party","tags":" Jason Paul Laxamana Sam Milby, Angel Locsin, Zanjoe Marudo, Cherry Pie Picache, Alma Moreno, Matet De Leon, Al Tantay, Beauty Gonzalez, Katrina Michelle Legaspi When aspiring fashion designer Andi reconnects with her ex-boyfriend Max, she's surprised to learn that he's in a relationship with a man. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Unmarried Wife","tags":" Maryo J. De los Reyes Angelica Panganiban, Dingdong Dantes, Paulo Avelino, Maricar Reyes, Denise Laurel, Dimples Romana, Justin Cuyugan, Mart Escudero, Pamu Pamorada, Lei Andre Navarro, Irma Adlawan Tired of her husband's cheating, Anne begins a passionate new relationship \u2013 while still wondering if she should give her marriage another chance. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Vince and Kath and James","tags":" Theodore Boborol Julia Barretto, Joshua Garcia, Ronnie Alonte, Maris Racal, Ina Raymundo, Shamaine Centenera, Ana Abad-Santos, Jeric Raval, Allan Paule, Manuel Chua Love can be complicated, especially when Vince agrees to secretly woo Kath via text on behalf of James \u2013 while falling for her, too. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Alexis Viera: A Story of Surviving","tags":" Luis Ara Alexis Viera After being shot during a robbery in Colombia and losing sensation in his legs, Uruguayan soccer star Alexis Viera finds a new sense of purpose. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Imago","tags":" Karan Shivajirao Chavan, Vikram Tanajirao Patil Aishwarya Ghaydar, Amol Deshmukh, Adarsh Kurne, Vishwas Kamble, Neha Awati, Amaraja Patil, Rinkle Chopde, Shreyas Gurav A teen with vitiligo struggles with self-doubt and anxiety until a new schoolteacher sees her through a different lens, and urges her to do the same. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"My Husband Won't Fit","tags":"  Natsumi Ishibashi, Aoi Nakamura Kumiko and Kenichi meet in college and build a happy marriage together. But over time, an unusual problem threatens to destroy their relationship. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Amy Schumer Growing","tags":" Amy Schumer Amy Schumer Amy Schumer spills on her new marriage, personal growth, making a baby and her mom's misguided advice in a special that's both raunchy and sincere. comedycomedy"},{"title":"5 Flights Up","tags":" Richard Loncraine Josh Pais, Claire van der Boom, Morgan Freeman, Diane Keaton, Carrie Preston, Cynthia Nixon, Korey Jackson, Diane Ciesla, Michael Cristofer A couple finds unexpected drama when, after 40 years of living in the same Brooklyn walk-up, they attempt to sell their apartment and buy a new one. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Green Door","tags":"  Jam Hsiao, Bea Hayden Kuo, Enno Cheng, Hsieh Ying-xuan, Jason King, Lan Wei-Hua, Shen Hai Jung, Ruby Zhan, Blue Lan A troubled psychologist returns from the U.S. and sets up a clinic in Taiwan, where mysterious patients and uncanny events shed light on his murky past. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Bombairiya","tags":" Pia Sukanya Radhika Apte, Siddhant Kapoor, Akshay Oberoi, Adil Hussain, Amit Sial, Ravi Kishan, Ajinkya Deo, Shilpa Shukla A PR agent trying to find her stolen phone, a politician in trouble, and a fading celebrity find their lives intertwining in unexpected, messy ways. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Burn Out","tags":" Yann Gozlan Olivier Rabourdin, Fran\u00e7ois Civil, Manon Azem, Samuel Jouy, Narcisse Mame, Na\u00ebl Rabia, Sam Louwyck, Luc Schwarz, Mario Magalhaes, Marc-Antoine Duquenne When his son's mom runs afoul of Paris's criminal underworld, a thrill-seeking superbike racer begins moonlighting as a drug courier to clear her debt. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Edoardo Ferrario: Temi Caldi","tags":" Francesco Imperato Edoardo Ferrario Italian comedian Edoardo Ferrario riffs on life at 30 and unpacks the peculiarities of global travel, social media and people who like craft beer. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Girl","tags":" Lukas Dhont Victor Polster, Arieh Worthalter, Oliver Bodart, Tijmen Govaerts, Katelijne Damen, Valentijn Dhaenens, Magali Elali, Alice de Broqueville, Chris Thys, Angelo Tijssens Fifteen-year-old ballet dancer Lara faces physical and emotional hurdles as she prepares for gender confirmation surgery. Inspired by a true story. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"If I Hadn't Met You","tags":"  Pablo Derqui, Mercedes Sampietro, Andrea Ros, Javier Beltr\u00e1n, Paula Malia, David Vert, Muguet Franc, Miquel Garc\u00eda Borda, Berta Garcia, Joel Bramona, Montse Guallar, Abel Folk, Sergi L\u00f3pez, \u00d2scar Jarque, Eli Iranzo Eduard, a husband and father who loses his family in a tragic accident, travels to parallel universes to seek a better fate for his beloved wife. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Jeff Dunham: Arguing with Myself","tags":" Manny Rodriguez Jeff Dunham Playing straight man to partners half his size, ventriloquist Jeff Dunham \u2013 one of America's funniest comics \u2013 slays audiences across the country. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Jeff Dunham: Controlled Chaos","tags":" Michael Simon, Matthew McNeil Jeff Dunham Politically incorrect and often raunchy humor pepper ventriloquist Dunham's live concert performance featuring characters Walter, Achmed and Peanut. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Jeff Dunham: Minding the Monsters","tags":" Manny Rodriguez Jeff Dunham Jeff Dunham returns with a haunted house full of his hysterical entourage, and each character stars in its own horror movie trailer. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Jeff Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special","tags":" Michael Simon Jeff Dunham, Brian Haner Politically incorrect, sometimes raunchy ventriloquist Jeff Dunham is joined by his irreverent cast of characters in this hilarious Christmas special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Late Life: The Chien-Ming Wang Story","tags":" Frank W Chen Chien-Ming Wang Injuries sidelined the bright career of New York Yankees pitcher Chien-Ming Wang. This documentary captures his relentless battle back to the majors. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Paskal","tags":" Adrian Teh Hairul Azreen, Ammar Alfian, Jasmine Suraya, Henley Hii, Hafizul Kamal, Theebaan Govindasamy, Gambit Saifullah, Taufiq Hanafi, Nam Ron, Amerul Affendi, Tiger Chen Naval unit PASKAL is among the most elite special forces in Malaysia. But all bets are off when one of its own stages a hijacking. Based on true events. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Robozuna","tags":"  Taylor Clarke-Hill, Tom Clarke-Hill, Larissa Murray, Brianna Price, Michael Obiora, Morwenna Banks, Rufus Jones, Duncan Wisbey, Danny John-Jules, Ali A A boy and his homemade robot enter the toughest competition in the universe while attempting to free their oppressed home from an evil empire. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Turn Up Charlie","tags":"  Idris Elba, Piper Perabo, JJ Feild, Frankie Hervey, Guz Khan A down-and-out DJ plots to rebuild his music career while working as a nanny for his famous best friend's wild 11-year-old daughter. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"A Love Story","tags":" Maryo J. De los Reyes Maricel Soriano, Aga Muhlach, Angelica Panganiban, Dante Rivero, Chin Chin Gutierrez, Bobby Andrews, TJ Trinidad, Baron Geisler, John Arcilla, Gerald Madrid Self-made millionaire Ian thinks he's found happiness when he marries caring Joanna, but his love is put to the test when he meets stewardess Karyn. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Barcelona: A Love Untold","tags":" Olivia M. Lamasan Kathryn Bernardo, Daniel Padilla, Joshua Garcia, Aiko Melendez, Joey Marquez, Ricky Davao, Maria Isabel Lopez, Ana Capri, Cris Villanueva While pursuing a degree in Spain, an architecture student struggling with grief meets a fellow expatriate trying to flee a difficult family life. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Everything About Her","tags":" Joyce Bernal Angel Locsin, Xian Lim, Vilma Santos, Michael De Mesa, Nonie Buencamino, Khalil Ramos, Devon Seron, Alexa Ilacad, Nor Domingo, Robert Villar A hard-driving real estate tycoon who becomes ill with cancer hires a medical caretaker who helps her begin to mend fences with her estranged son. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Finally Found Someone","tags":" Theodore Boborol John Lloyd Cruz, Sarah Geronimo, Enchong Dee, Christian Bables, Joey Marquez, Yayo Aguila, Tetchie Agbayani, Dennis Padilla, Leo Rialp, Alwyn Uytingco After a woman is very publicly left at the altar, the PR expert hired to fix the situation winds up falling in love with her. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Seven Sundays","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina Ronaldo Valdez, Aga Muhlach, Dingdong Dantes, Enrique Gil, Cristine Reyes, Donita Rose, Ketchup Eusebio, Kean Cipriano A dying father asks his busy and grown children to spend their Sundays with him, forcing his family to confront their issues before it's too late. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"More to Say","tags":"  Yousra, Naglaa Badr, Sherine Reda, Ahmed Hatem, Hesham Selim, Ingi Abou Zeid, Farouk El Fishawy, Mahmoud Fares, Tayam Amar, Heba Abdelaziz, Heba Abdelghany, Mariam El Khosht After her son dies in an accident, a legal consultant is forced to prove her innocence when she's accused of his murder. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Land of Hypocrisy","tags":"  Mohamed Henedy, Dalal Abdel Aziz, Hana Shiha, Mohammed Tharwat, Salwa Mohammed, Mohammed Hafiz, Ibrahim Issa, Leila Ezz Al Arab, Mohammed Mahmoud A hardworking man in a thankless job meets a mysterious doctor who sells him powerful pills that throw his life into disarray. foregin,comedy,fantasyforegin,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Triple Frontier","tags":" J.C. Chandor Ben Affleck, Oscar Isaac, Charlie Hunnam, Pedro Pascal, Garrett Hedlund, Adria Arjona Loyalties are tested when five former special forces operatives reunite to steal a drug lord's fortune, unleashing a chain of unintended consequences. actionaction"},{"title":"Eugenie Nights","tags":"  Ameena Khalil, Zafer Abdeen, Injy El Mokkaddem, Khaled Kamal, Cherif Hafez, Carmen Bsaibes, Mourad Makram, Leila Ezz Al Arab, Asmaa Abou El Yazeed, Nadine Nassib Njeim In 1940s Port Said, Kariman finds comfort and solace in the arms of an unhappily married man, who also happens to be her abusive husband's brother. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"This Evening","tags":"  Eyad Nassar, Ahmed Dawood, Mohamed Farraag, Hanan Motawie, Arwa Gouda, Bassel Alzaro The lives of a wealthy couple hiding their marital problems intersect with a group of hackers and the young women they exploit. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Into the Badlands","tags":"  Daniel Wu, Emily Beecham, Sarah Bolger, Oliver Stark, Orla Brady, Ally Ioannides, Stephen Lang, Marton Csokas, Madeleine Mantock, Aramis Knight Dreaming of escaping to a distant city, a ferocious warrior and a mysterious boy tangle with territorial warlords and their highly trained killers. actionaction"},{"title":"Disappearance","tags":"  Nelly Karim, Mohamed Mamdouh, Hesham Selim A university lecturer in Russia returns to Egypt after her husband's sudden disappearance, uncovering further mysteries the more she investigates. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Hajwala 2: Mysterious Mission","tags":" Ibrahim Bin Mohamed, Hasan Aljaberi Hussain Al Hosani, Ali Almarzouqi, Abdullah Al Yousef, Omar Al Hafidh, Meral Niazi, Yaser Hassan, Fatema Almansoori, Ahmed El Mohammdi In this sequel, a group of expert drivers skilled in drifting and high-speed racing is recruited to perform obscure tasks for a shadowy gang. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Immortals","tags":"  Kerem B\u00fcrsin, El\u00e7in Sangu, Birkan Sokullu, Selma Erge\u00e7, T\u00fcrk\u00fc Turan, Nilperi \u015eahinkaya, Efecan \u015eenolsun, Elit \u0130\u015fcan Driven by revenge, human-turned-vampire Mia sets out to vanquish Dmitry, a ruthless vampire leader who seeks an artifact that grants immortality. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Juanita","tags":" Clark Johnson Alfre Woodard, Adam Beach, LaTanya Richardson Jackson, Marcus Henderson, Blair Underwood, Ashlie Atkinson, Tsulan Cooper Burdened by troubles in life and love, a mother of three grown children searches for hope and healing on an impromptu trip to Paper Moon, Montana. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Lady J","tags":" Emmanuel Mouret C\u00e9cile De France, Edouard Baer, Alice Isaaz, Natalia Dontcheva When her romance with a lustful marquis takes an unwelcome turn, a wealthy widow concocts a scheme to get revenge \u2013 with help from a younger woman. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Walk. Ride. Rodeo.","tags":" Conor Allyn Spencer Locke, Missi Pyle, Sherri Shepherd, Bailey Chase, Alyvia Alyn Lind, Max Ehrich, Corbin Bleu, Kathleen Rose Perkins In the wake of an accident that leaves her paralyzed, a champion rodeo rider vows to get back on her horse and compete again. Based on a true story. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Nappily Ever After","tags":" Haifaa Al-Mansour Sanaa Lathan, Ricky Whittle, Lynn Whitfield, Lyriq Bent, Ernie Hudson When a perfectionist ad exec experiences a romantic setback, she embarks on a journey of self-discovery that begins with a dramatic hair makeover. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Sisterakas","tags":" Wenn V. Deramas Ai-Ai de las Alas, Vice Ganda, Kris Aquino, Xyriel Manabat, Daniel Padilla, Kathryn Bernardo, Tirso Cruz III, Deejay Durano, Gloria Diaz, Jeffrey Quizon Two half siblings separated by family conflict cross paths as adults at a fashion agency \u2013 but one of them has a vendetta, unbeknownst to the other. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Starting Over Again","tags":" Olivia M. Lamasan Piolo Pascual, Toni Gonzaga, Iza Calzado An architecture student and a history professor fall in love, pursue a dream, split up and bump into each other years later. Can there be a second chance? drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"That Thing Called Tadhana","tags":" Antoinette Jadaone Angelica Panganiban, JM de Guzman A devastating breakup with her boyfriend may be the start of a new beginning for Mace, thanks to an adventurous and kind stranger named Anthony. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Love Affair","tags":" Nuel Naval Richard Gomez, Dawn Zulueta, Bea Alonzo, Tom Rodriguez, Tetchie Agbayani, Al Tantay, Ana Capri, Ina Feleo Feeling betrayed by their romantic partners' infidelity, Adrianne and Vince struggle to forgive while finding comfort with each other. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"American Crime Story: The People v. O.J. Simpson","tags":"  Cuba Gooding Jr., Sarah Paulson, John Travolta, Courtney B. Vance, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi, Christian Clemenson, Bruce Greenwood, Nathan Lane, David Schwimmer, Chris Bauer, Jordana Brewster, Selma Blair, Connie Britton This anthology series dramatizes historic criminal cases in the U.S., including the O.J. Simpson trial and Andrew Cunanan's 1997 murder spree. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Secret City","tags":"  Anna Torv, Jacki Weaver, Dan Wyllie, Alex Dimitriades, Damon Herriman, Mekhi Phifer, Eugenia Yuan, Matt Zeremes, Alan Dale A student's protest leads to a government scandal that has personal and professional repercussions for one of Australia's toughest journalists. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"A Korean Odyssey","tags":"  Lee Seung-gi, Cha Seung-won, Oh Yeon-seo, Lee Hong-gi, Jang Gwang, Lee Se-young A self-serving mythical creature's bid for invincibility backfires when he finds himself at the mercy of a woman who can see otherworldly beings. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Hard Way","tags":" Keoni Waxman Michael Jai White, Luke Goss, Randy Couture, Madalina Anea, Grant Campbell, George Remes, Ovidiu Niculescu, Adreea Diac, Michaela Holla, Bogden Farcas After learning his brother died on a mission in Romania, a former soldier teams up with two allies to hunt down a mysterious enemy and exact revenge. actionaction"},{"title":"Everyday I Love You","tags":" Mae Czarina Cruz Enrique Gil, Liza Soberano, Gerald Anderson, Aiko Melendez, Carmina Villaroel, Ariel Rivera, Marissa Delgado, Liza Lorena While patiently waiting for her boyfriend to come out of his coma, Audrey finds herself falling for the caring and successful Ethan. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"No Other Woman","tags":" Ruel S. Bayani Anne Curtis, Derek Ramsay, Cristine Reyes, Tirso Cruz III, Carmi Martin, John Arcilla, Marlann Flores, Ron Morales, Kat Alano A happily married man gives in to temptation when a wealthy client pursues him, setting off a torrid love triangle. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"River's Edge","tags":" Isao Yukisada Fumi Nikaido, Ryo Yoshizawa, Shuhei Uesugi, Sumire, Shiori Doi, Aoi Morikawa High schooler Haruna befriends loner Yamada, then is drawn into the tangled relationship between him, a model and the girl who loves him unreasonably. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Weapon of Choice","tags":" Fritz Ofner  Speaking to retailers and owners of the Glock pistol, two filmmakers shed light on the politics of violence and its implications from Chicago to Kirkuk. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"2,215","tags":" Nottapon Boonprakob Artiwara Kongmalai This intimate documentary follows rock star Artiwara Kongmalai on his historic, 2,215-kilometer charity run across Thailand in 2017. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"BNK48: Girls Don't Cry","tags":" Nawapol Thamrongrattanarit  Members of the Thai idol girl group BNK48 open up about their experiences beyond the spotlight, their training and the nature of fame. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Budapest","tags":" Xavier Gens Manu Payet, Jonathan Cohen, Monsieur Poulpe, Alice Bela\u00efdi, Alix Poisson Two best friends put their careers and marriages on the line when they launch a business hosting outrageous, anything-goes bachelor parties in Hungary. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Cricket Fever: Mumbai Indians","tags":"   Follow Indian Premier League champions Mumbai Indians through the 2018 season in this series featuring insider insights and intense cricket action. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Northern Rescue","tags":"  William Baldwin, Kathleen Robertson, Spencer MacPherson, Taylor Thorne, Amalia Williamson, Michelle Nolden, Peter MacNeill, Natalie Lisinska After the sudden death of his wife, search and rescue commander John West relocates with his three kids to his rural hometown of Turtle Island Bay. dramadrama"},{"title":"Pants on Fire","tags":" Jonathan A. Rosenbaum Bradley Steven Perry, Joshua J. Ballard, Tyrel Jackson Williams, Brittney Wilson, Taylor Russell, Nicholas Coombe, Rachelle Gillis, Kevin O'Grady Jealous girlfriends and aliens are just some of the things Jack lied about to become popular. Now the lies are coming to life and ruining everything. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Paranormal Investigation","tags":" Franck Phelizon Andrei Indreies, Jean-Baptiste Heuet, Jose Atuncar, Pierre Porquet, Claudine Bertin, Gabriella Jordan, Effie Rey, Catalin Morar, Antoine Rodriguez When a young man becomes possessed after playing a Ouija game, a ghost hunter investigates the evil spirit dwelling within him. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Radio Rebel","tags":" Peter Howitt Debby Ryan, Sarena Parmar, Adam DiMarco, Merritt Patterson, Nancy Robertson Shy student Tara has a secret identity: She is smooth-talking Radio Rebel, a DJ who lends her voice to all kids, popular and unpopular alike. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind","tags":" Chiwetel Ejiofor Maxwell Simba, Chiwetel Ejiofor, A\u00efssa Ma\u00efga, Lily Banda, Lemogang Tsipa, Philbert Falakeza, Joseph Marcell, Noma Dumezweni Inspired by a science book, 13-year-old William Kamkwamba builds a wind turbine to save his Malawian village from famine. Based on a true story. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Disastrous Life of Saiki K.","tags":"  Hiroshi Kamiya, Daisuke Ono, Nobunaga Shimazaki, Satoshi Hino, Natsuki Hanae, Ai Kayano, Yukari Tamura, Mitsuo Iwata, Rikako Aikawa High school sophomore Kusuo Saiki swore as a child that he would keep his psychic talents hidden, but his abilities still make his life difficult. anime,foregin,showanime,foregin,show"},{"title":"The Last Runway","tags":" Rodrigo Salom\u00f3n, Pietro Scappini Luis Aguirre, Andrea Quattrocchi, Silvio Rodas, Felix Medina, Gonzalo Vivanco, Bruno Sosa, Andrea Frigerio, Mauricio A. Jortack, Rafael Rojas Doria, Roberto Weiss, Fabio Chamorro, Sergio Qui\u00f1onez Rom\u00e1n, David Gerber An ex-colonel forms a special paramilitary group focused on combatting drug trafficking on the Paraguayan border. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"The Spiderwick Chronicles","tags":" Mark Waters Freddie Highmore, Mary-Louise Parker, Sarah Bolger, Joan Plowright, David Strathairn, Nick Nolte, Seth Rogen, Andrew McCarthy, Martin Short When city-raised twins move to a tumbledown country mansion, it's quite an adjustment \u2013 especially after they uncover a magical fantasy world. familyfamily"},{"title":"Your Son","tags":" Miguel \u00c1ngel Vivas Jos\u00e9 Coronado, Ana Wagener, Asia Ortega, Pol Monen, Ester Exp\u00f3sito After his son is brutally beaten outside a nightclub, a surgeon takes the law into his own hands and seeks vengeance against the perpetrators. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Qui\u00e9n te cantar\u00e1","tags":" Carlos Vermut Najwa Nimri, Eva Llorach, Carme Elias, Natalia de Molina, Juli\u00e1n Villagr\u00e1n, Ignacio Mateos, Lorena Iglesias, Vicenta N'Dongo, Inma Cuevas, Per-Olav Sorensen When a near-drowning leaves a famous singer from the '90s with amnesia, she hires a karaoke singer who can imitate her to prep her for a comeback tour. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"A Second Chance","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina John Lloyd Cruz, Bea Alonzo, Dimples Romana, Janus del Prado, James Blanco, Ahron Villena, Beatriz Saw, Shamaine Centenera, Khalil Ramos, Billy Crawford, Al Tantay, Arci Mu\u00f1oz Following their storybook wedding, Popoy and Basha find married life \u2013 and starting a business together \u2013 more challenging than they ever imagined. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Beauty and the Bestie","tags":" Wenn V. Deramas Vice Ganda, Coco Martin, James Reid, Nadine Lustre, Karla Estrada, Ryan Bang, Badjie Mortiz, Alonzo Muhlach, Marco Masa, Lassy Marquez, MC Calaquian Finding himself in a desperate situation, undercover agent Emman asks his former best friend, Erika, to join him on a dangerous mission. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Bride For Rent","tags":" Mae Czarina Cruz Kim Chiu, Xian Lim, Empoy Marquez, Martin del Rosario, Pilita Corrales, Tirso Cruz III, Dennis Padilla, Matt Evans, Lloyd Zaragoza, Zeppi Borromeo Rocco needs to hire a bride so he can access his trust fund. Rocky desperately needs a job. Their marriage starts out fake, but ends up as much more. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Can't Help Falling in Love","tags":" Mae Czarina Cruz Kathryn Bernardo, Daniel Padilla, Matteo Guidicelli, Zanjoe Marudo, Cherry Pie Picache, Lotlot De Leon, Dennis Padilla, Lito Pimentel, Joross Gamboa, Janus del Prado Gab is eager to tie the knot with her handsome boyfriend, but there's a problem, and it's a doozy: She's already married to a total stranger. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Evening Shadows","tags":" Sridhar Rangayan Mona Ambegaonkar, Anant Mahadevan, Devansh Doshi, Arpit Chaudhary, Yamini Singh, Abhay Kulkarni, Veena Nair, Disha Thakur When her son comes out to her as gay, a religious mother struggles to reconcile his truth with her own beliefs and their orthodox family values. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Four Sisters and a Wedding","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina Bea Alonzo, Toni Gonzaga, Angel Locsin, Shaina Magdayao, Enchong Dee, Sam Milby, Angeline Quinto, Coney Reyes Four sisters unite to stop their young brother's pending nuptials upon meeting his fianc\u00e9e\u2019s demanding family, revealing long-simmering family issues. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"It Takes a Man and a Woman","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina John Lloyd Cruz, Sarah Geronimo, Rowell Santiago, Al Tantay, Irma Adlawan, Joross Gamboa, Gio Alvarez, Matet De Leon, Miles Ocampo, Andre Garcia, Dante Rivero, Isabelle Daza Laida and Miggy used to be in love, but now they're forced to work together in a professional capacity \u2013 and neither is completely over their past. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"My Ex & Whys","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina Liza Soberano, Enrique Gil, Joey Marquez, Cai Cortez, Arlene Muchlach, Ara Mina, Ryan Bang, Joross Gamboa, Jeffrey Tam, Neils Coleta Popular blogger Cali is hired for a marketing campaign alongside another viral sensation: her ex-boyfriend Gio, who's intent on winning her back. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"She's Dating the Gangster","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina Kathryn Bernardo, Daniel Padilla, Richard Gomez, Dawn Zulueta, Sofia Andres, Khalil Ramos, Ian Veneracion, Pamu Pamorada, Igi Boy Flores, Marco Gumabao To make another woman jealous, a campus heartthrob asks a fellow student to be his pretend girlfriend, but fate has other plans for the fake couple. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Breakup Playlist","tags":" Dan Villegas Piolo Pascual, Sarah Geronimo, Rio Locsin, Dennis Padilla, Badjie Mortiz, Teddy Corpuz, Anna Luna, Jett Pangan, Cris Villonco, Maris Racal A rock musician and a law student whose true passion is music fall in love and pursue a romance that complicates both of their blossoming careers. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Mistress","tags":" Olivia M. Lamasan John Lloyd Cruz, Bea Alonzo, Hilda Koronel, Ronaldo Valdez, Anita Linda, Carmi Martin The mistress of a wealthy businessman is torn between her loyalty to him and her love for a young architect connected to her in unexpected ways. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Unsolved","tags":"  Josh Duhamel, Jimmi Simpson, Bokeem Woodbine Ride along for a dramatized version of the real-life investigations into the murders of rap icons Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Zach Galifianakis: Live at the Purple Onion","tags":" Michael Blieden Zach Galifianakis, Brian Unger The unorthodox, piano-playing stand-up star Zach Galifianakis makes a splash on the scene and serves up a healthy dose of his signature wit. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Life of An Outcast","tags":" Pawan K Shrivastava Ravi Bhushan Bhartiya, Shalini Mohan, Bhaskar Jha, Manohar Pandey, Siddharth Bharadwaj, Jay Shanker Pandey, Deepak Jha, Komal Singh When authorities jail his son for rejecting religious bias, a poor father\u2019s struggle to bail him out highlights rural India\u2019s enduring casteism. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Photographer Of Mauthausen","tags":" Mar Targarona Mario Casas, Richard van Weyden, Alain Hern\u00e1ndez, Adri\u00e0 Salazar, Eduard Buch, Stefan Weinert, Rub\u00e9n Yuste, Nikola Stojanovic, Frank Feys, Marc Rodr\u00edguez, Albert Mora, Luka Peros, Rainer Reiners, Toni Gomila, Emilio Gavira, Macarena G\u00f3mez A Catal\u00e1n prisoner at a Nazi concentration camp uses his office job to steal photo negatives of the atrocities committed there. Based on true events. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Bert Kreischer: The Machine","tags":" Ryan Polito Bert Kreischer From his run-in with a grizzly bear to partying with the Russian mafia, the shirtless comic returns with laugh-out-loud tales in this stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Chef's Table","tags":"   In this Emmy-nominated docuseries, find out what's inside the kitchens and minds of the international culinary stars who are redefining gourmet food. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"Firebrand","tags":" Aruna Raje Usha Jadhav, Girish Kulkarni, Sachin Khedekar, Rajeshwari Sachdev, Rushad Rana, Mrunal Oak While she successfully advocates for her female clients in difficult divorce cases, a lawyer\u2019s trauma from sexual assault impacts her own marriage. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Paddleton","tags":" Alex Lehmann Mark Duplass, Ray Romano After he's diagnosed with terminal cancer, middle-aged Michael asks his neighbor friend Andy to help him end his life before the disease does. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Paris Is Us","tags":" Elisabeth Vogler No\u00e9mie Schmidt, Gr\u00e9goire Isvarine, Marie Mottet, Lou Castel, Mathias Minne, Margaux Bonin, Julia Kouakou, Alexandre Schreiber, Schemci Lauth, Theo Tagand, Cl\u00e9ment Olivieri, Doria Achour Amid a turbulent romance and rising tensions in Paris, a young woman finds herself caught in a dizzying spiral of dreams, memories and what-ifs. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Shonar Pahar","tags":" Parambrata Chatterjee Tanuja, Jishu Sengupta, Parambrata Chatterjee, Arunima Ghosh, Shrijato Banerjee, Soumitra Chatterjee, Gargi Roychowdhury An older woman's unique friendship with a young boy inspires her to examine the strained relationship she shares with her married son. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Big Family Cooking Showdown","tags":"  Zoe Ball, Nadiya Hussain, Giorgio Locatelli, Rosemary Shrager In this unscripted series, families passionate about food serve up their most delicious dishes for the chance to be crowned Britain's best home cooks. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Z4","tags":"  Apollo Costa, Gabriel Santana, Matheus Lustosa, Pedro Rezende, Werner Sch\u00fcnemann, Manu Gavassi, Angela Dippe, Negra Li, Patr\u00edcia de Sabrit, C\u00e9sar Pezzuoli, Carol Loback, Marina Brand\u00e3o Fading music biz veteran Z\u00e9 realizes he has just one more chance at redemption: He must assemble a hit boy band from a ragtag group of pop newbies. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Drug King","tags":" Woo Min-ho Song Kang-ho, Cho Jung-seok, Bae Doona, Kim So-jin, Kim Dae-myung, Jo Woo-jin, Lee Hee-jun, Song Young-chang, Yoon Je-moon A petty smuggler from Busan dives headfirst into illicit drug trafficking in the 1970s and rises to become king of narcotics exports to Japan. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Kevin James: Sweat the Small Stuff","tags":" Paul Miller Kevin James The film and television star riffs on life's many royal pains in this hourlong special taped at New York City's Hudson Theatre in 2001. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Transformer","tags":" Michael Del Monte Janae Marie Kroczaleski Powerlifter Matt Kroczaleski faced his greatest challenge when he came out as transgender. This documentary captures his transition into a woman. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Genius","tags":" Suseenthiran Roshan, Priyaa Lal, Aadukalam Naren, Singam Puli, Meera Krishnan, Jayaprakash Extreme pressure from his father to excel at school during childhood has dangerous psychological effects on a brilliant but suicidal man\u2019s adult life. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Black Sea","tags":" Kevin MacDonald Jude Law, Scoot McNairy, Ben Mendelsohn, Bobby Schofield, Tobias Menzies, Michael Smiley, Grigoriy Dobrygin, David Threlfall, Jodie Whittaker, Karl Davies A hard-driving submarine captain is hired to steal gold from a sunken Nazi sub, but there's no honor among thieves during this underwater heist. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Studio 54","tags":" Matt Tyrnauer  This documentary follows the rapid rise and fall of the Manhattan discotheque and the glittery debauchery that attracted the city's eccentric and elite. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Awe","tags":" Prasanth Varma Kajal Aggarwal, Nithya Menon, Regina Cassandra, Eesha Rebba, Murli Sharma, Srinivas Avasarala, Priyadarshi Pullikonda Disparate characters, including an aspiring time traveler, a phony chef, a drug-addicted waitress and several others, share a surprising connection. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Ayana","tags":" Gangadhar Salimath Deepak Subramanya, Apoorva Soma, Ramesh Bhat, Harsha H S, Karthik A, Goutham Shashidhar, Nagshree Karkone, Moksha Kushal, Vedashree Rao With his carefree bachelor days behind him, a young entrepreneur\u2019s ambitions for adulthood come with some painful personal and professional decisions. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Behind the Curve","tags":" Daniel J. Clark  Meet the growing, worldwide community of theorists who defend the belief that the Earth is flat while living in a society who vehemently rejects it. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Buddies","tags":" Marcelo Galv\u00e3o Ariel Goldenberg, Rita Pokk, Breno Viola, Lima Duarte, Marco Luque, Daniel Torres, Monaliza Marchi, Am\u00e9lia Bittencourt, Giulia de Souza Merigo, Deto Montenegro, Rui Unas Inspired by the movie \"Thelma & Louise,\" three young people with Down syndrome leave the institution where they live to take a road trip together. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Candyflip","tags":" Shanawaz Nellikunnil Prashant Prakash, Kalki Koechlin, Prakash Raj, Gulshan Devaiah, Valeriya Polyanychko On the incandescent shores of Goa, a young man tumbles down a mind-bending \u2013 and soon dangerous \u2013 series of trips after taking hallucinatory drugs. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Chameli","tags":" Sudhir Mishra Kareena Kapoor, Rahul Bose, Rinke Khanna, Yashpal Sharma, Makrand Deshpande, Kabir Sadanand, Pankaj Jha While taking shelter from a Mumbai monsoon, an investment banker forms an unlikely connection with a na\u00efve prostitute over the course of the night. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Fatso","tags":" Rajat Kapoor Ranvir Shorey, Gul Panag, Purab Kohli, Neil Bhoopalam, Gunjan Bakshi, Saurabh Shukla, Atul Kumar, Brijendra Kala, Bharati Achrekar, Rahul Vohra Killed too soon due to a clerical error in heaven, a man is sent back to earth with a new lease on life, this time in the body of his portly friend. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Hj\u00f8rdis","tags":" Lars Kaalund Lise Baastrup, Martin Brygmann, Ellen Hillings\u00f8, Nicky Andersen, Nicoline Sharma Rubow, Jasmin Bart-Williams, William R\u00fctzou, Marius Due, Robert Hansen This miniseries spinoff of \"Rita\" follows teacher Hj\u00f8rdis as she plans a school play on bullying featuring a cast of socially awkward students. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Neevevaro","tags":" Hari Nath Aadhi, Tapsee Pannu, Ritika Singh, Vennela Kishore, Sapthagiri When a blind chef\u2019s girlfriend goes missing, his unnerving search for her leads him to find there's more to her disappearance than what meets the eye. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Pyaar Ke Side Effects","tags":" Saket Chaudhary Rahul Bose, Mallika Sherawat, Ranvir Shorey, Sharat Saxena, Aamir Bashir, Taraana Raja, Jas Arora, Suchitra Pillai, Sapna Bhavnani, Sophiya Chaudhary A commitment-phobe agrees to marry his girlfriend, setting in motion a series of hilarious mishaps that has him questioning what he got himself into. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sur: The Melody of Life","tags":" Tanuja Chandra Lucky Ali, Simone Singh, Achint Kaur, Ehsan Khan, Harsh Vasisht, Yashodhan Bal, Gauri Karnik, Divya Dutta A renowned music teacher mentors a promising young singer, but when her fame begins to overshadow his own, he lets jealousy and competition take over. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Breaker Upperers","tags":" Jackie van Beek, Madeleine Sami Madeleine Sami, Jackie van Beek, James Rolleston, Celia Pacquola, Ana Scotney, Rima Te Wiata, Carl Bland, Brett O'Gorman, Cohen Holloway, Jemaine Clement For the right price, BFFs Jen and Mel will ruthlessly end any romance. But when one of them grows a conscience, their friendship begins to unravel. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Kirlian Frequency","tags":"  Nicol\u00e1s Van de Moortele, Letizia Denise Bloisi, Mar\u00eda Dupl\u00e1a, Ciro Herce, Milagros Molina, Jorge Pinarello, Casper Uncal, Jorge Luis Alonso In the midnight hour, a lone DJ broadcasts the strangest \u2013 and scariest \u2013 tales from the outer edges of Kirlian, a lost city somewhere in Argentina. foregin,foregin,suspenseforegin,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Ugly Aur Pagli","tags":" Sachin Kamlakar Khot Mallika Sherawat, Ranvir Shorey, Tinnu Anand, Sushmita Mukherjee, Manish Anand, Vihang Nayak, Bharati Achrekar, Zeenat Aman Everyday guy Kabir is thrown for a loop when he meets Kuhu, a freewheeling party girl. Now, he's a changed man, dancing, running half-naked through the streets and donning ladies' shoes at her whim. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Yucat\u00e1n","tags":" Daniel Monz\u00f3n Luis Tosar, Rodrigo de la Serna, Joan Pera, Stephanie Cayo, Gloria Mu\u00f1oz, Adri\u00e1n N\u00fa\u00f1ez, Alicia Fern\u00e1ndez, Jorge As\u00edn, Agust\u00edn Jim\u00e9nez, Lupe Carti\u00e9 Roda, Txell Aixendri, Xavi Lite, Alejandro Vera, Jo\u00e3o Lagarto Competing con artists attempt to creatively and ruthlessly swindle a fatherly lottery winner while on a lively cruise from Spain to Mexico. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Barbie Dreamhouse Adventures","tags":"  America Young, Kirsten Day, Cassandra Morris, Cassidy Naber, Ritesh Rajan Get to know Barbie and her BFFs \u2013 including next-door neighbor Ken \u2013 in this animated vlog of adventures filmed inside her family's new dreamhouse. familyfamily"},{"title":"Ken Jeong: You Complete Me, Ho","tags":" Jon M. Chu Ken Jeong In his first-ever stand-up special, Ken Jeong pays tribute to his wife and shares stories about Hollywood and how \"The Hangover\" saved his life. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Velvet Colecci\u00f3n","tags":"  Marta Hazas, Asier Etxeand\u00eda, Adri\u00e1n Lastra, Diego Mart\u00edn, Fernando Guallar, Lloren\u00e7 Gonz\u00e1lez, Megan Montaner, M\u00f3nica Cruz, Marta Torn\u00e9, Andrea Duro, Aitana S\u00e1nchez-Gij\u00f3n, Adriana Ozores, Imanol Arias In the late '60s, fashion designer Ana enlists friends Clara, Pedro and Ra\u00fal to open a store and design school in Barcelona in this \"Velvet\" spinoff. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Period. End of Sentence.","tags":" Rayka Zehtabchi  In rural India, where the stigma of menstruation persists, women make low-cost sanitary pads on a new machine and stride toward financial independence. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Iron Ladies","tags":"  Aviis Zhong, Ben Wu, Ada Pan, Jacqueline Zhu, Gabriel Lan, Jack Lee, Wu Ting-chien, Wills Sia, Su Yen-ti, Jenny Huang Three 30-something women in high-level jobs at a beauty e-commerce firm seem to have it all \u2013 except when it comes to love and romantic chemistry. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"The Break","tags":"  Yoann Blanc, Guillaume Kerbush, Anne Coesens, Jasmina Douieb, Tom Audenaert, Sam Louwyck, Catherine Sal\u00e9e, Jean-Henri Comp\u00e8re A police detective mourning a painful loss moves back to his peaceful hometown, only to be drawn into a murder case that dredges up dark secrets. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"High Flying Bird","tags":" Steven Soderbergh Andr\u00e9 Holland, Zazie Beetz, Bill Duke, Kyle MacLachlan, Melvin Gregg, Sonja Sohn, Zachary Quinto When an NBA lockout sidelines his big rookie client, an agent hatches a bold plan to save their careers \u2013 and disrupt the league's power structure. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Kevin Hart's Guide to Black History","tags":" Tom Stern Kevin Hart, Saniyya Sidney, Lil Rel Howery, Eoghan Thomas Murphy, Tiffany Haddish, Al Shearer, Lonnie Chavis, Alphonso Mcauley, Nika Williams, Barry Brewer, Greg Germann, John Ennis, Jay Johnston Kevin Hart highlights the fascinating contributions of black history\u2019s unsung heroes in this entertaining \u2013 and educational \u2013 comedy special. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"One Day at a Time","tags":"  Justina Machado, Rita Moreno, Todd Grinnell, Isabella Gomez, Marcel Ruiz, Stephen Tobolowsky In a reimagining of the TV classic, a newly single Latina mother raises her teen daughter and tween son with the \"help\" of her old-school mom. comedycomedy"},{"title":"ReMastered: The Two Killings of Sam Cooke","tags":" Kelly Duane de la Vega Sam Cooke While Sam Cooke rose to stardom as a soul singer, his outspoken views on civil rights drew attention that may have contributed to his death at age 33. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"The Tree of Blood","tags":" Julio Medem \u00darsula Corber\u00f3, \u00c1lvaro Cervantes, Najwa Nimri, Patricia L\u00f3pez Arnaiz, Daniel Grao, Joaqu\u00edn Furriel, Maria Molins, Emilio Guti\u00e9rrez Caba, Luisa Gavasa, Jos\u00e9 Mar\u00eda Pou, \u00c1ngela Molina As a young couple write the story of their families' shared history, both reveal their relatives' dark secrets and one must make a painful confession. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Last of the Schmucks","tags":"  Chico, Ahmed Mekky, Hesham Maged, Bayoumi Fouad, Dina El-Sherbiny The year is 2041 and a dispute between a man and his wife has set the human race back. In this battle of the sexes, the primitive life isn't so simple. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Hidden Worlds","tags":"  Adel Imam, Salah Abdallah, Hiba Majdi, Bushra, Fathy Abdel Wehab, Rania Farid Shawki, Ahmad Wafiq While investigating an actress\u2019s supposed suicide and her connection to the mafia, a veteran journalist discovers that corruption runs deep. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Live","tags":"  Jung Yu-mi, Lee Kwang-soo, Bae Seong-woo, Bae Jong-ok, Sung Dong-il The police officers at South Korea's busiest patrol division toil day and night as keepers of law and peace \u2013 but the reality is far from orderly. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Ray Romano: Right Here, Around the Corner","tags":" Michael Showalter Ray Romano Ray Romano cut his stand-up teeth at the Comedy Cellar in New York. Now, in his first comedy special in 23 years, he returns to where it all began. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Safe","tags":"  Michael C. Hall, Amanda Abbington, Marc Warren, Hannah Arterton, Audrey Fleurot, Nigel Lindsay After his teenage daughter goes missing, a widowed surgeon in an affluent neighborhood begins unearthing dark secrets about the people closest to him. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Tayee","tags":"  Amr Youssef, Amr Abdel Guelil, Saba Mubarak An Egyptian doctor becomes a police informant and uses his rare gift of tracking ancient artifacts in the smuggling business. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Violet Evergarden","tags":"  Yui Ishikawa, Takehito Koyasu, Daisuke Namikawa, Aya Endo, Koki Uchiyama, Minori Chihara, Haruka Tomatsu The war is over, and Violet Evergarden needs a job. Scarred and emotionless, she takes a job as a letter writer to understand herself and her past. anime,foregin,romanceanime,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Romance is a bonus book","tags":"  Lee Jong-suk, Lee Na-young, Jung Eugene, Wi Ha-jun, Kim Tae-woo, Kim Yu-mi, Cho Han-cheul, Kim Sun-young A gifted writer who's the youngest editor-in-chief ever at his publishing company gets enmeshed in the life of a former copywriter desperate for a job. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Await Further Instructions","tags":" Johnny Kevorkian Sam Gittins, Grant Masters, Neerja Naik, Abigail Cruttenden, Kris Saddler, Holly Weston, David Bradley A family\u2019s tense reunion turns terrifying when they get trapped in their home by an unknown force, and sinister commands begin appearing on their TV. suspense,fantasysuspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Manusangada","tags":" Amshan Kumar Rajeev Anand, Manimegalai, A.S. Sasi Kumar, Vidhur Rajarajan, Sheela Rajkumar, Sethu Darwin, Anand Sampath, Karuna Prasad When caste discrimination prevents a villager from giving his deceased father a rightful burial, he takes his fight for equality to court. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"14 Minutes from Earth","tags":" Adam Davis, Jerry Kolber, Trey Nelson, Erich Sturm  A Google executive boldly attempts a death-defying mission to travel to space and free-fall back to Earth without a rocket. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Dear Ex","tags":" Hsu Chih-yen, Mag Hsu Roy Chiu, Hsieh Ying-xuan, Joseph Huang, Spark Chen A teen navigates a bitter feud between his willful mom and a free-spirited man, who's the lover and insurance beneficiary of his recently deceased dad. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Free Rein: Valentine's Day","tags":"  Jaylen Barron, Joe Ashman, Manpreet Bambra, Celine Buckens, Freddy Carter, Bruce Herbelin-Earle, Kerry Ingram, Charlotte Jordan, Geoffrey McGivern, Martin Bobb-Semple, Sadie Simm, Carla Woodcock Love is in the air as Zoe and friends go on a quest to find a fabled Maid's Stone. But when rivalry blinds them to danger, it's Raven to the rescue! family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"LEGO Marvel Super Heroes: Black Panther","tags":" Michael D. Black James Mathis III, Keston John, Yvette Nicole Brown, Daisy Lightfoot, Isaac C. Singleton Jr., Trevor Devall, Liam O'Brien, Mick Wingert, Fred Tatasciore, Laura Bailey When Thanos joins forces with villains Killmonger and Klaue to destroy Earth, Black Panther rushes to stop them from stealing Wakanda's vibranium. familyfamily"},{"title":"LEGO Marvel Super Heroes: Guardians of the Galaxy","tags":"   The Guardians are on a mission to deliver the Build Stone to the Avengers before the Ravagers, Thanos and his underlings steal it from them. familyfamily"},{"title":"Littlest Pet Shop: A World of Our Own","tags":"  Rhona Rees, Ingrid Nilson, Diana Kaarina, Travis Turner, Lili Beaudoin, Kyle Rideout, Vincent Tong, Alessandro Juliani, Ian Hanlin, Brittney Wilson, Bethany Brown, Tabitha St. Germain In Paw-Tucket, pets of all types form friendships, pursue their passions and have a great time being themselves. familyfamily"},{"title":"Russian Doll","tags":"  Natasha Lyonne, Charlie Barnett, Yul Vazquez, Elizabeth Ashley, Dascha Polanco, Jeremy Bobb, Greta Lee, Rebecca Henderson, Brendan Sexton III, Chlo\u00eb Sevigny, Brooke Timber Nadia keeps dying and reliving her 36th birthday party. She's trapped in a surreal time loop \u2013 and staring down the barrel of her own mortality. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Sparta","tags":"  Alexander Petrov, Artyom Tkachenko, Valeria Shkirando, Marina Kaletskaya, Alisa Lozovskaya, Olga Sutulova, Fillip Gorenshtein, Olga Vinichenko, Petar Zakavitsa, Yan Gakharmanov While investigating the mysterious death of a teacher, a grizzled detective gets caught up in the world of a high-stakes virtual reality game. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Sword Art Online Alternative: Gun Gale Online","tags":"  Tomori Kusunoki, Yoko Hikasa, Kazuyuki Okitsu, Chinatsu Akasaki College student Karen takes up Gun Gale Online and gets a reputation as the Pink Demon. Then her gaming buddy Pitohui asks her to join the Squad Jam. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"True: Happy Hearts Day","tags":"  Michela Luci, Jamie Watson, Eric Peterson, Cory Doran, Nicolas Aqui True and Bartleby try to cheer up the Rainbow Kingdom\u2019s loneliest citizen, but his gloomy mood is contagious! Can a trio of wishes turn things around? familyfamily"},{"title":"Velvet Buzzsaw","tags":" Dan Gilroy Jake Gyllenhaal, Rene Russo, Zawe Ashton, Toni Collette, John Malkovich, Natalia Dyer, Daveed Diggs, Tom Sturridge A feared critic, an icy gallery owner and an ambitious assistant snap up a recently deceased artist's stash of paintings \u2013 with dire consequences. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Hantu Kak Limah","tags":" Mamat Khalid Awie, Arab Khalid, Sharwani Ns, Tj Isa, Delimawati, Zul Ariffin, Uqasha Senrose, Ropie Cecupak When Kak Limah turns up dead shortly after her marriage to a much younger man, her pesky ghost haunts the villagers, who can't seem to get rid of her. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Love Off the Cuff","tags":" Pang Ho-cheung Miriam Chin Wah Yeung, Shawn Yue, Paul Chun, Jiang Mengjie, Wang Xiao Chen, Siu Yam Yam, Kwok Cheung Tsang, Toby Lee, Dada Chan, Hugo Ng Cherie and Jimmy's relationship is in a rut \u2013 until Cherie's estranged father shows up and a woman from Jimmy's past shows up with a hidden agenda. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Virsa","tags":" Pankaj Batra Arya Babbar, Kanwaljeet Singh, Gulshan Grover, Mehreen Raheel, Aparna Sharma, Aman Dhaliwal, Noman Ijaz A man is disheartened when he visits his well-to-do son and grandkids in Australia and sees they have detached from their traditional Indian morals. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Bhasmasur","tags":" Nishil Sheth Imran Rasheed, Mittal Chouhan, Trimala Adhikari, Bhushan Vikas, Ravi Goswami, Raghav Dutt, Kumkum Chouhan, Rohan Mobarsa In this heart-wrenching coming-of-age story, a young boy embarks on an arduous trek with his debt-ridden father to sell their beloved family donkey. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"High Society","tags":" Byun Hyuk Park Hae-il, Su Ae, Yoon Je-moon, Ra Mi-ran, Lee Jin-wook, Kim Gyu-sun, Han Ju-yeong, Kim Hae-gon, Nam Moon-cheol, Jang So-yeon A deputy curator of a chaebol-funded art gallery and her husband, a politically ambitious economics professor, will do anything to join the \u00fcber-elite. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Up Among  The Stars","tags":" Zoe Berriat\u00faa Luis Callejo, Jorge Andreu, Macarena G\u00f3mez, Mag\u00fci Mira, \u00c1lvaro Roig, Mar\u00eda Morales, Jos\u00e9 Luis Garc\u00eda P\u00e9rez, Kiti M\u00e1nver, Ingrid Garc\u00eda Jonsson, Liz Lobato A grieving filmmaker struggling to keep custody of his young son after his wife's death uses magical, imaginary stories to maintain their bond. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Habibie & Ainun","tags":" Faozan Rizal Reza Rahadian, Bunga Citra Lestari, Tio Pakusadewo, Ratna Riantiarno, Mike Lucock, Vitta Mariana Barrazza, Christoffer Nelwan This companion to 2016's \"Rudy Habibie\" traces the relationship between Indonesia\u2019s third president and his wife behind the scenes of their public lives. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Nathicharami","tags":" Mansore Sruthi Hariharan, Sanchari Vijay, Sharanya, Balaji Manohar, Greeshma Sridhar, Harshil Koushik, Shaanthala, Gopalkrishna Deshpande Reeling from the loss of her husband, a widow struggles to fulfill her physical and emotional desires despite social taboos around female sexuality. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Rudy Habibie","tags":" Hanung Bramantyo Reza Rahadian, Chelsea Islan, Dian Nitami, Indah Permatasari, Ernest Prakasa, Boris Bokir, Rey Bong, Cornelio Sunny, Pandji Pragiwaksono, Bastian Bintang Simbolon A biopic that explores the hardships and triumphs of the early life of B. J. Habibie, a transformative president of Indonesia. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Surga Yang Tak Dirindukan","tags":" Kuntz Agus Fedi Nuril, Laudya Cynthia Bella, Raline Shah, Sandrinna Michelle, Kemal Pahlevi, Tanta Ginting, Zaskia Adya Mecca, Landung Simatupang, Ray Sitoresmi, Vitta Mariana Barrazza After saving an unwed expectant mother who's injured in a car accident, a happily married man takes her as his second wife \u2013 without telling his first. drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Surga Yang Tak Dirindukan 2","tags":" Hanung Bramantyo, Meisa Felaroze Fedi Nuril, Raline Shah, Laudya Cynthia Bella, Reza Rahadian, Nora Danish In this sequel to the award-winning 2015 film, Pras, Arini and Meirose face new challenges that could change the dynamic of their unique love triangle. drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"A Taiwanese Tale of Two Cities","tags":"  Tammy Chen, James Wen, Peggy Tseng, Denny Huang A Taipei doctor and a San Francisco engineer swap homes in a daring pact, embarking on journeys filled with trials, secrets and unexpected encounters. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Z Nation","tags":"  Nat Zang, Russell Hodgkinson, Michael Welch, Anastasia Baranova, Kellita Smith, DJ Qualls, Keith Allan, Pisay Pao A team embarks on a perilous cross-country mission to transport the one man who survived a deadly zombie virus, hoping he holds the key to a vaccine. action,comedy,suspenseaction,comedy,suspense"},{"title":"Goyo: The Boy General","tags":" Jerrold Tarog Paulo Avelino, Carlo Aquino, Arron Villaflor, Mon Confiado, Gwen Zamora, Jeffrey Quizon, Alvin Anson, Empress Schuck, Perla Bautista, Benjamin Alves Brash ladies' man Gregorio \"Goyo\" del Pilar rises to become one of the Philippines' youngest generals in this historical epic sequel to \"Heneral Luna.\" drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Animas","tags":" Laura Alvea, Jos\u00e9 Ortu\u00f1o Clare Durant, Iv\u00e1n Pellicer, Luis Bermejo, Liz Lobato, Chacha Huang, \u00c1ngela Molina A teen's eerie visions become increasingly frequent and terrifying after her longtime friend gets a girlfriend and his abusive dad is strangely killed. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Black Earth Rising","tags":"  Michaela Coel, John Goodman, Abena Ayivor, Noma Dumezweni, Ronald Guttman, Danny Sapani, Harriet Walter, Tyrone Huggins, Emmanuel Imani, Lucian Msamati, Tamara Tunie Adopted by a human rights attorney after the Rwandan genocide, legal investigator Kate Ashby confronts her past when she takes on war crimes cases. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Club of Crows","tags":"  Luis Gerardo M\u00e9ndez, Mariana Trevi\u00f1o, Stephanie Cayo, Daniel Gim\u00e9nez Cacho, Alosian Vivancos, Antonio de la Vega, Ianis Guerrero, Juan Pablo de Santiago, Joaqu\u00edn Ferreira, Said Sandoval, Andr\u00e9s Pardave, Sof\u00eda Ni\u00f1o de Rivera, Eileen Ya\u00f1ez, Gutemberg Brito, Claudia Vega, Ver\u00f3nica Ter\u00e1n, Jes\u00fas Zavala, Gustavo Ganem, Ricardo Polanco, Emilio Guerrero, Luis R\u00e1bago, Guillermo Dorantes, Richie Mestre, Sof\u00eda Sisniega, Aldo Escalante, Juan Luis Orendain, Marcela \u00c1lvarez A brother and sister battle high expectations and each other after inheriting a soccer team. A series from the creators of \u201cNosotros los Nobles.\u201d foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Examination of Conscience","tags":"   Allegations of child sexual abuse in Spain's Catholic institutions are examined in interviews with survivors, clergy, journalists and other experts. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Mi Obra Maestra","tags":" Gast\u00f3n Duprat Guillermo Francella, Luis Brandoni, Ra\u00fal Ar\u00e9valo, Andrea Frigerio, Mar\u00eda Soldi, M\u00f3nica Duprat, Mahmoud Azim, Santiago Korovsky, Julio Marticorena, Alejandro Paker A sly art dealer tries to revive the career of his longtime pal, a surly painter, with a risky plan that tests their morals and friendship. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Polar","tags":"   An assassin on the verge of retirement must put the good life on hold when his greedy boss sends a squad of young, ruthless killers to take him out. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Conversations with a Killer: The Ted Bundy Tapes","tags":"   Present-day interviews, archival footage and audio recordings made on death row form a searing portrait of notorious serial killer Ted Bundy. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Just Love","tags":" Andy Caballero, Diego Corsini Franco Masini, Yamila Saud, Victorio D'Alessandro, Andrea Frigerio, Gerardo Romano, Bautista Lena, Josefina Ram\u00edrez, Noel Schajris, Diana Hern\u00e1ndez, Daniela Aita Inspired by his love affair with a conservative lawyer, the lead singer of a struggling garage band pens a hit song that propels him to fame. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Innocent","tags":" Seren Y\u00fcce Ali Atay, Haluk Bilginer, Nur S\u00fcrer, Okan Yalab\u0131k, T\u00fclin \u00d6zen, Serkan Keskin, Bartu K\u00fc\u00e7\u00fck\u00e7a\u011flayan, Irem Altug, Mehmet \u00d6zg\u00fcr, Merve Ates, Defne Halman, Cem Zeynel Kili\u00e7, Esra Kizildogan In a peaceful, rustic town, a retired officer and his family are mired in a murder mystery riddled with shocking, buried secrets. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Close","tags":"  Noomi Rapace, Sophie N\u00e9lisse, Indira Varma, George Georgiou, Christopher Sciueref, Eoin Macken When attackers target the heiress she's protecting, battle-hardened bodyguard Sam scrambles to save her client \u2013 and teach her how to fight back. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"FYRE: The Greatest Party That Never Happened","tags":" Chris Smith  The Fyre Festival was billed as a luxury music experience on a posh private island, but it failed spectacularly in the hands of a cocky entrepreneur. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"IO","tags":" Jonathan Helpert Margaret Qualley, Anthony Mackie, Danny Huston As a young scientist searches for a way to save a dying Earth, she finds a connection with a man who's racing to catch the last shuttle off the planet. drama,fantasydrama,fantasy"},{"title":"Marvel's The Punisher","tags":"  Jon Bernthal, Ebon Moss-Bachrach, Ben Barnes, Amber Rose Revah, Jason R. Moore, Daniel Webber, Jaime Ray Newman, Michael Nathanson, Deborah Ann Woll, Paul Schulze A former Marine out to punish the criminals responsible for his family's murder finds himself ensnared in a military conspiracy. action,action,suspenseaction,action,suspense"},{"title":"Old Lord Savanna","tags":" Andr\u00e9 D'Elia Leonardo Ribeiro This documentary captures the environmental and societal impact of Brazil's Cerrado savanna suffering from severe deforestation. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Patria","tags":" Mat\u00edas Gueilburt Paco Ignacio Taibo II Paco Ignacio Taibo II brings his book trilogy to life, highlighting Mexico's history in 1854-1867, a period he considers foundational to the country. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Soni","tags":" Ivan Ayr Geetika Vidya Ohlyan, Saloni Batra, Mohinder Gujral, Mohit Chauhan, Vikas Shukla, Gauri Chakraborty, Simrat Kaur, Dimple Kaur While fighting crimes against women in Delhi, a short-fused policewoman and her level-headed female boss grapple with gender issues in their own lives. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The World's Most Extraordinary Homes","tags":"  Piers Taylor, Caroline Quentin Award-winning architect Piers Taylor and actress\/property enthusiast Caroline Quentin travel the world to tour unconventional homes in extreme places. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Abducted in Plain Sight","tags":" Skye Borgman  In this true crime documentary, a family falls prey to the manipulative charms of a neighbor, who abducts their adolescent daughter. Twice. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Abdullah, The Final Witness","tags":" Hashim Nadeem Khan Sajid Hasan, Hameed Sheikh, Habibullah Panezai, Imraan Abbas, Sadia, Imran Tareen, Asal Deen, Yameen Shah Inspired by real events, this drama follows a trucker jailed after driving five ill-fated travelers across Quetta, and the officer taking on his case. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Adhugo","tags":"   A fast-footed piglet named Bunty becomes an object of desire for rival criminals that want the swift swine for their profitable animal-racing schemes. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Echcharikkai","tags":" Sarjun Sathyaraj, Varalakshmi Sarathkumar, Kishore Kumar G., Vivek Rajgopal, Jayakumar, Yogi Babu, Soundar, L. Alice After kidnapping a millionaire\u2019s daughter, two men get swept up in a power struggle as her father enlists a brilliant cop to hunt them down. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Lavender","tags":"  Ambrose Hsu, Tammy Chen, Wang Jian Long, Lin Wei Jun, Hsia Ching Ting, Lin Heng Yi Before one of them moves to the U.S., two childhood friends promise to reunite as adults. But illness and the vagaries of the heart stand in the way. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Pandigai","tags":" Feroz Kreshna, Anandhi, Saravanan, Madhusudhanan, Black Pandi, Nitin Sathyaa, Aruldass, Karunas, Shanmugha Rajan, Prinz Nithik Looking for a way out of his impoverished life, a lowly hotel waiter joins an underground fight club. Then he needs a way out of that. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Pari","tags":" Syed Atif Ali Junaid Akhtar, Azekah Daniel, Khushi Maheen, Saleem Mairaj, Qavi Khan, Rasheed Naz, Faiq Asim When their daughter exhibits strange behavior after moving into their new home, a couple must come to terms with who she really is. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Revenger","tags":" Lee Seung-won Bruce Khan, Park Hee-soon, Yoon Jin-seo, Kim In-kwon, Kim Na-yeon, Park Cheol-min, Jeon Soo-jin, Kim Jae-hyun, Choi Je-heon Hell-bent on avenging the murder of his family, a former detective infiltrates a remote island that serves as a prison for vicious death row criminals. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Sebastian Maniscalco: Stay Hungry","tags":" Rik Reinholdtsen Sebastian Maniscalco Sebastian Maniscalco brings an acerbically unique approach to peacocks on planes, life hacks, rich in-laws and life's annoyances in this comedy special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Doll","tags":" Rocky Soraya Shandy Aulia, Denny Sumargo, Sara Wijayanto, Vitta Mariana Barrazza, Demian Aditya, Faiza Mahnur, Hans Gunawan, Aslam Abad, Annette Edoarda, Wenty Mamenda Eerie things begin to happen after a man gives his wife a doll, unaware it once belonged to a girl who was murdered. The first of the \"Doll\" films. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Doll 2","tags":" Rocky Soraya Luna Maya, Herjunot Ali, Sara Wijayanto, Maria Sabta, Rydhen Afexi, Ira Ilva Sari, Shofia Shireen, Mega Carefansa, Wati Sudiyono, Princess Martinez A mother uses her deceased daughter\u2019s doll as a medium to communicate with her, but the consequences are chilling. The second of the \u201cDoll\u201d films. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"La Grande Chaumi\u00e8re Violette","tags":"  Eli Shi, Alice Ko, Jen-Shuo Cheng, Chiung-Hsuan Hsieh, Herb Hsu, Bryant Lee, Hsiu-Ling Lin, Ma Ju-lung, Ching-kuan Wang Reminiscing about his youth in Taiwan's turbulent 1920s, Guo Xuehu reflects on his passion for art, a friendship with a painter \u2013 and a doomed romance. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Baazaar","tags":" Gauravv K Chawla Saif Ali Khan, Chitrangada Singh, Radhika Apte, Rohan Vinod Mehra, Manish Chaudhary, Denzil Smith, Pawan Chopra, Deepak Gheewala, Utkarsh Mazumdar, Danish Hussain A wide-eyed graduate learns the ugly side of ambition when he joins in the dubious business practices of his idol, a ruthless Mumbai stock tycoon. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"All of You","tags":" Dan Villegas Jennylyn Mercado, Derek Ramsay, Yayo Aguila, Kean Cipriano, Nico Antonio, Enzo Marcos, Via Antonio, Hannah Ladesma Two strangers meet on a dating app and experience instant chemistry, but their relationship unravels as jarring differences catch up to them. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Friends from College","tags":"  Keegan-Michael Key, Cobie Smulders, Billy Eichner, Fred Savage, Nat Faxon, Annie Parisse, Jae Suh Park Twenty years after graduation, a tight-knit group of college friends reconnects and discovers that love hasn't gotten easier with age. romance,comedyromance,comedy"},{"title":"Hardy Bucks","tags":"  Martin Maloney, Owen Colgan, Chris Tordoff, Peter Cassidy, Tom Kilgallon, Michael Salmon, Wayne Lynch, Tommy Miller A circle of young men entertain vague ambitions involving quick cash, women and showbiz in this mockumentary on small-town Irish life in County Mayo. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Horrid Henry","tags":"  Lizzie Waterworth, Joanna Ruiz, Emma Tate, Sue Elliot Nicholls, Tamsin Heatley, Wayne Forester, Aidan Cook, Stephanie Anne Mills, David Holt To his family's frustration, Henry is skilled at making trouble, from babysitting pets in his bedroom to starting a shark panic at the swimming pool. foregin,family,comedyforegin,family,comedy"},{"title":"ReMastered: Massacre at the Stadium","tags":" Bent-Jorgen Perlmutt  The shocking murder of singer Victor Jara in 1973 turned him into a powerful symbol of Chile's struggle. Decades later, a quest for justice unfolds. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Solo","tags":" Hugo Stuven Alain Hern\u00e1ndez, Aura Garrido, Ben Temple In a remote area of the Canary Islands, a surfer falls off a cliff. Fighting to survive, he reflects on his life and past romance. Based on true events. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Last Laugh","tags":" Greg Pritikin Chevy Chase, Richard Dreyfuss, Andie MacDowell, Kate Micucci, Chris Parnell, George Wallace, Lewis Black After moving to a retirement home, restless talent manager Al reconnects with long-ago client Buddy and coaxes him back out on the comedy circuit. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Pocoyo","tags":"  Stephen Fry, Alex Marty Discovery is the name of the game for friendly toddler Pocoyo in this lifelike and richly colored animated adventure series for preschoolers. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"When Heroes Fly","tags":"  Tomer Kapon, Ninet Tayeb, Michael Aloni, Nadav Nates, Moshe Ashkenazi, Vanessa Chaplot, Yael Sharoni, Gil Frank, Oded Fehr, Dan Mor Years after a bitter falling out, four Israeli military veterans reunite and travel to Colombia in search of a loved one they'd presumed to be dead. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"GODZILLA The Planet Eater","tags":" Kobun Shizuno, Hiroyuki Seshita Mamoru Miyano, Takahiro Sakurai, Kana Hanazawa, Tomokazu Sugita, Yuki Kaji, Junichi Suwabe, Reina Ueda, Ari Ozawa, Daisuke Ono, Kenta Miyake, Kenyu Horiuchi, Kazuya Nakai, Kazuhiro Yamaji With the earth alliance weakened, Haruo weighs siding with the Exif, whose death cult is summoning a monster that can destroy the world. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Next Enti?","tags":" Kunal Kohli Navdeep, Larissa Bonesi, Sarathbabu, Tamannaah Bhatia, Sundeep Kishan, Poonam Kaur Clashing views on intimacy lead a couple to go their separate ways to reflect on commitment and companionship, before suddenly crossing paths again. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Komola Rocket","tags":" Noor Imran Mithu Tauquir Ahmed, Mosharraf Karim, Joyraj, Samia Said, Dominic Gomez As the lives of rich and poor passengers aboard a steamship unfold, buried secrets, lustful affairs and selfish desires are exposed. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Nang Nak","tags":" Nonzee Nimibutr Inthira Charoenpura, Winai Kraibutr In this adaptation of a Thai folk tale, a man returns from war to his family, unaware of a sad secret about what happened to them while he was away. suspense,foregin,romancesuspense,foregin,romance"},{"title":"And Breathe Normally","tags":" \u00cdsold Uggad\u00f3ttir Kristi\u0301n Tho\u0301ra Haraldsdo\u0301ttir, Babetida Sadjo, Patrik N\u00f6kkvi Pe\u0301tursson An Icelandic single mom struggling with poverty and a Guinea-Bissauan asylum seeker facing deportation find their lives intertwined in unexpected ways. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Lionheart","tags":" Genevieve Nnaji Genevieve Nnaji, Nkem Owoh, Pete Edochie, Onyeka Onwenu, Kanayo O. Kanayo When her father falls ill, Adaeze steps up to run the family business \u2013 alongside her uncle \u2013 and prove herself in a male-dominated world. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Monty Python and the Holy Grail","tags":" Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Eric Idle, Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones, Michael Palin, Connie Booth, Carol Cleveland, Neil Innes The Monty Python comedy clan skewers King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table as they quest far and wide for the Holy Grail. action,classic,comedyaction,classic,comedy"},{"title":"A Series of Unfortunate Events","tags":"  Neil Patrick Harris, Patrick Warburton, Malina Weissman, Louis Hynes, K. Todd Freeman, Joan Cusack, Aasif Mandvi The extraordinary Baudelaire orphans face trials, tribulations and the evil Count Olaf in their fateful quest to unlock long-held family secrets. family,action,comedyfamily,action,comedy"},{"title":"Back to the 90s","tags":" Yanyong Kuruaungkoul Dan Aaron Ramnarong, Pimchanok Leuwisetpaiboon, Chanintorn Jitpreeda, Chonlakarn Puangnoy, Achita Pramoj Na Ayudhya, Vichuda Pindum, Kriengsak Hrientong, Likit Sittiphun When a teenager is transported back to his parents\u2019 high school days, he has the chance to alter the events that led to their unhappy marriage. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"COMEDIANS of the world","tags":"  Neal Brennan, Chris D'Elia, Nicole Byer, Nick Swardson, DeAnne Smith, Ivan Decker, Dave Merheje, K. Trevor Wilson, Joel Dommett, Mae Martin, Nish Kumar, Ellie Taylor, Urzila Carlson, Joel Creasey, Nazeem Hussain, Cal Wilson, Riaad Moosa, Tumi Morake, Loyiso Gola, Loyiso Madinga, Atul Khatri, Aditi Mittal, Amit Tandon, Franco Escamilla, Hugo El Cojo Feliz, Gaby Llanas, Enissa Amani, Ilka Bessin, Kaya Yanar, Thiago Ventura, Mhel Merrer, Afonso Padilha, Shirley Souagnon, Jason Brokerss, Tania Dutel, Donel Jack'sman, Ibraheem Alkhairallah, Rawsan Hallak, Adi Khalefa, Moayad Alnefaie, Louis-Jos\u00e9 Houde, Fran\u00e7ois Bellefeuille, Katherine Levac, Adib Alkhalidey, Martijn Koning, Soundos El Ahmadi, Rayen Panday This global stand-up comedy series features a diverse set of comics from 13 regions bringing their perspectives on what's funny around the world. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Merku Thodarchi Malai","tags":" Lenin Bharathi Antony, Gayathri Krishna, Abu Valayamkulam, Anthony Vaathiyaar, Aarubala, Sornam In southern India, a laborer's dreams of owning a piece of land to farm is complicated by political corruption. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Moshe Kasher: Live in Oakland","tags":" Jay Chapman Moshe Kasher Comic Moshe Kasher returns to his home turf of Oakland for this stand-up special that has him sharing uproarious stories about the people he's met. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Pok\u00e9mon the Movie: I Choose You!","tags":" Kunihiko Yuyama Ikue Otani, Sarah Natochenny, David Oliver Nelson, Mike Pollock, Kate Bristol, Suzy Myers, Rodger Parsons When Ash tries to pick his first Pok\u00e9mon on his birthday, he ends up with a stubborn Pikachu and they embark on a journey to find the legendary Ho-Oh. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Puriyatha Puthir","tags":" Ranjit Jeyakodi Vijay Sethupathi, Gayathrie, Mahima Nambiar, Arjunan, Ramesh Thilak, Ranjith An aspiring music director begins to receive voyeuristic footage of his girlfriend from her apparent stalker as tragedy strikes those around him. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Taramani","tags":" Ram Andrea Jeremiah, Anjali, Vasanth Ravi, Adrian Knight Jesly, Azhagamperumal, Lizzie Antony, Nivas Adithan, Abhishek D Shah A traditional man and an independent woman share a connection, but they must learn to navigate their vastly different experiences and expectations. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Paper","tags":"  Branka Kati\u0107, Trpimir Jurkic, Aleksandar Cvetkovi\u0107, Zijad Gra\u010di\u0107, Olga Pakalovi\u0107, Goran Markovic, Edita Kara\u0111ole, Zdenko Jelcic, Tihana Lazovic, Mijo Juri\u0161i\u0107, Dajana \u010culjak, Alen Liveri\u0107, Anja Matkovi\u0107, Dragan Despot A construction magnate takes over a struggling newspaper and attempts to wield editorial influence for power and personal gain. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Tidying Up with Marie Kondo","tags":"  Marie Kondo In a series of inspiring home makeovers, world-renowned tidying expert Marie Kondo helps clients clear out the clutter \u2013 and choose joy. showshow"},{"title":"Whitney Cummings: Money Shot","tags":" John Fortenberry Whitney Cummings Comedy Central roast veteran Whitney Cummings gets the stage to herself in this debut special, which finds her riffing on a wide range of topics. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Bill Hicks: One Night Stand","tags":" John Fortenberry Bill Hicks Bill Hicks remembers a wild night in 1989 and offers his views on puffing cigarettes, smoking weed, drinking, sex, commercials and music. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Bill Hicks: Relentless","tags":" Chris Bould Bill Hicks In one of his most iconic performances, late comedian Bill Hicks demonstrates what made him such a singular talent and a force to be reckoned with. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Bill Hicks: Revelations","tags":" Chris Bould Bill Hicks In his final recorded special, the iconoclastic comedian channels Goat Boy and tackles provocative topics like British porn, pot and the priesthood. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Bill Hicks: Sane Man","tags":" Kevin Booth, David Johndrow Bill Hicks Filmed in 1989 at a turning point in comedian Bill Hicks's career, this rare onstage performance captures him spouting off on a variety of topics. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Gina Yashere: Skinny B*tch","tags":"  Gina Yashere Standup comedian and \"Daily Show\" correspondent Gina Yashere delivers a sharp set of wry observations on the environment, money and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mexicanos de Bronce","tags":" Julio Fern\u00e1ndez Talamantes  When street vices keep them coming back, three prisoners make sense of their lives in a penitentiary \u2013 and beyond it \u2013 through rap. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Sam Kinison: Breaking the Rules","tags":" Walter C. Miller Sam Kinison The one-time preacher shakes and shudders as he tears into subjects including sex, marriage, religion, drugs and famine in this HBO special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Sam Kinison: Family Entertainment Hour","tags":" Walter C. Miller Sam Kinison Comic Sam Kinison lets it rip with this performance at L.A.'s Wiltern theatre, skewering every segment of modern society from religion to television. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Sam Kinison: Live in Vegas","tags":" Walter C. Miller Sam Kinison Standup legend Sam Kinison is at his screaming best as he storms the stage in Sin City to get a few things off his chest. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Sam Kinison: The Scream Continues","tags":"  Sam Kinison Sam's brother and former manager Bill Kinison speaks about the late comedian's journey from preacher to standup legend. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Secrets in the Hot Spring","tags":"  Chang Ting-hu, Hong Yan-xiang, Lin He Xuan, Kuo Shu-yao, Law Kar-Ying, Mimi Chu When three teen outcasts arrive at a hot springs hotel to help run things, creepy incidents prompt comical efforts to find what lurks in their midst. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Seven Deadly Sins the Movie: Prisoners of the Sky","tags":" Noriyuki Abe Yuki Kaji, Sora Amamiya, Misaki Kuno, Aoi Yuki, Tatsuhisa Suzuki, Jun Fukuyama, Yuhei Takagi, Maaya Sakamoto, Tomokazu Sugita, Tsubasa Yonaga, Haruka Tomatsu, Reiko Suzuki, Akio Otsuka, Toshiyuki Morikawa, Yoko Hikasa, Toru Sakurai, Masuo Amada, Takaya Kuroda, Silk Road The Seven Deadly Sins aid the Sky People against a powerful group of demons hellbent on resurrecting a demonic beast sealed over 3,000 years ago. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Tim Allen: Men Are Pigs","tags":" Ellen Brown Tim Allen Standup comedian Tim Allen delivers a set dedicated to \"men stuff\" like lawn care, power tools and why he grunts like an animal. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Tim Allen: ReWires America","tags":"  Tim Allen Standup star Tim Allen storms the stage for a set chock-full of observations about powerful cars, beautiful lawns and more of the things he loves. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Tim Minchin And The Heritage Orchestra Live","tags":" Matt Askem Tim Minchin, Jules Buckley Flanked by a full orchestra, Tim Minchin takes the Royal Albert Hall by storm with a wonderfully witty evening of satirical musical comedy. music,comedymusic,comedy"},{"title":"Tim Minchin: So F**king Rock","tags":" Matt Askem Tim Minchin Comedic pianist Tim Minchin performs a host of his catchy songs that touch on everything from the Middle East to the healing power of canvas bags. music,comedymusic,comedy"},{"title":"Todd Glass: Stand-Up Special","tags":" Jay Chapman Todd Glass Standup comedian Todd Glass gets right down to it, with sly observations on accepting directions, denying compliments and being afraid of the dark. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Tom Papa Live in New York City","tags":" Rob Zombie Tom Papa Comedian Tom Papa riffs on the trials of married life, fatherhood in the 21st century, domestic pets and more in his stand-up show. comedycomedy"},{"title":"In Family We Trust","tags":"  Songsit Roongnophakunsri, Saksit Tangtong, Kathaleeya McIntosh, Sopitnapa Choompanee, Apasiri Nitibhon, Phollawat Manuprasert, Nappon Gomarachun, Patravadi Mejudhon, Kejmanee Wattanasin, Supoj Chancharoen, Pimmara Charoenpakdee, Thanapob Leeratanakajorn, Kritsanapoom Pibulsonggram, Teeradon Supapunpinyo, Kongyingyong Chonlathorn, Lapat Ngamchaweng, Sivakorn Adulsuttikul, Paris Intarakomalyasut, Jackrin Kungwankiatichai, Vachirawich Aranthanawong, Sawanya Paisarnpayak, Kanyawee Songmuang, Pitisak Yaowananon, Chavalit Chittanant, Thaneth Warakulnukroh When the head of the lucrative family business passes away, his will leaves the clan at extreme odds. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"A Twelve Year Night","tags":" \u00c1lvaro Brechner Antonio de la Torre, Chino Dar\u00edn, Alfonso Tort, Soledad Villamil, C\u00e9sar Troncoso, Silvia P\u00e9rez Cruz, C\u00e9sar Bord\u00f3n, Mirella Pascual, Nidia Telles, Eduardo Recabarren Future Uruguayan president Jos\u00e9 Mujica and his fellow Tupamaro political prisoners fight to survive 12 years of solitary confinement and torture. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Black Mirror: Bandersnatch","tags":"  Fionn Whitehead, Will Poulter, Craig Parkinson, Alice Lowe, Asim Chaudhry In 1984, a young programmer begins to question reality as he adapts a dark fantasy novel into a video game. A mind-bending tale with multiple endings. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Hashoter Hatov","tags":"  Moshe Ivgy, Guy Loel, Yuval Semo, Yigal Adika, Avi Shnaidman, Vered Feldman, Liora Rivlin An honest \u2013 though overzealous \u2013 police officer strives to do good work while dealing with his bickering parents and incompetent coworkers. action,foregin,comedyaction,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Life Ki Toh Lag Gayi","tags":" Rakesh Mehta Kay Kay Menon, Ranvir Shorey, Manu Rishi Chadha, Pradhuman Singh, Neha Bhasin, Jackie Shroff, Asrani, Neeraj Vora, Sharat Saxena, Tom Alter A vengeful son, a cop on a mission, a wannabe actress and a jilted lover find their lives intermingling in unexpected ways over 24 hours in Mumbai. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Murder Mountain","tags":"   In Humboldt County, California, the big business of legal marijuana brings in visitors from around the world. Some are never seen again. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Selection Day","tags":"  Mohammad Samad, Yash Shashank Dholye, Rajesh Tailang, Mahesh Manjrekar, Karanvir Malhotra, Ratna Pathak Shah, Akshay Oberoi Two teen cricket prodigies struggle against their overbearing father and a system stacked against them to realize their own ambitions and identities. foregin,drama,showforegin,drama,show"},{"title":"When Angels Sleep","tags":" Gonzalo Bendala Juli\u00e1n Villagr\u00e1n, Marian \u00c1lvarez, Ester Exp\u00f3sito, Sira Alonso de Alarc\u00f3n, Asia Ortega, Daniel Jumillas, Christian Mulas After a businessman falls asleep at the wheel and hits a woman with his car, his interactions with her scared friend unleash a string of dark events. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Stand Up and Away! with Brian Regan","tags":"  Brian Regan Brian Regan blends his trademark observational stand-up with short sketches and a bit of audience interaction in this hybrid comedy series. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Way Back into Love","tags":"  June Tsai, Ray Chang, Lung Shao-hua, Yi-Wen Yen, Ching-kuan Wang, Mai Sato After years in the U.S., a Taiwanese immigrant returns to her hometown with a young daughter in tow to assist her father with his bed-and-breakfast. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Watership Down","tags":" Noam Murro James McAvoy, Nicholas Hoult, John Boyega, Ben Kingsley, Tom Wilkinson, Gemma Arterton, Peter Capaldi, Olivia Colman, Mackenzie Crook, Anne-Marie Duff, Taron Egerton, James Faulkner, Freddie Fox, Lee Ingleby, Miles Jupp, Daniel Kaluuya, Rory Kinnear, Craig Parkinson, Rosamund Pike, Daniel Rigby, Jason Watkins A warren of rabbits battles many threats on their daring journey to find a new home in this adaptation of the classic novel by Richard Adams. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"People Just Do Nothing","tags":"  Allan Mustafa, Hugo Chegwin, Asim Chaudhry, Lily Brazier, Olivia Jasmine Edwards, Dan Sylvester, Steve Stamp, Ruth Bratt, George Keywood, Maria Louis Spinning old-school beats is just another day at the office for the naive DJs of a pirate radio station who juggle family life with their passion. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"7 Days Out","tags":"   Witness the excitement and drama behind the scenes in the seven days leading up to major live events in the worlds of sports, fashion, space and food. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Bad Seeds","tags":" Kheiron Kheiron, Catherine Deneuve, Andr\u00e9 Dussollier, Louison Blivet, Adil Dehbi, Hakou Benosmane, Youssouff Wague, Mahia Zrouki, Joseph Jovanovic Troubled by his past, a scam artist who runs a petty racket with his adoptive mom finds redemption while mentoring a group of difficult students. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bird Box","tags":" Susanne Bier Sandra Bullock, Trevante Rhodes, John Malkovich, Sarah Paulson, BD Wong, Jacki Weaver, Rosa Salazar, Danielle Macdonald, Lil Rel Howery, Tom Hollander Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a survivor and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety. drama,fantasy,suspensedrama,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Jojo's World","tags":"  Tia Lee, In Deok Hwang, Yen-j, Jason Hsu, Andy Wu, Sharon Hsu Diagnosed with a condition that could make her infertile, a career woman must choose one of four bachelors to make a baby with before time runs out. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"LAST HOPE","tags":"  Tomoaki Maeno, Kana Hanazawa, Kenjiro Tsuda, Nao Toyama, Yuma Uchida, Unsho Ishizuka, Yuuichirou Umehara, Ai Kayano After causing the near extinction of mankind seven years ago, genius scientist Leon Lau must now fight the ecological disaster he unwittingly created. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Lion Pride","tags":"  Yen Tsao, Amanda Chou, Kevin Liu, Peace Yang, Kenny Wen, Tzu-chiang Chao, Vince Kao, Lin Ching-Tai, Lin He Xuan, Michael Yang After crossing paths at a crime scene, a renowned math teacher and an antiques appraiser embark on an unexpected journey of love and self-discovery. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Love @ Seventeen","tags":"  Lego Lee, Nikki Hsin-Ying Hsieh, Edison Wang, Amanda Chou Radically changed by a misunderstanding 13 years ago, a biotech expert runs into an old flame and suffers an illness that takes her back to the past. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Perfume","tags":"  Friederike Becht, August Diehl, Wotan Wilke M\u00f6hring, Natalia Belitski, Ken Duken, Trystan P\u00fctter, Christian Friedel, Juergen Maurer, Marc Hosemann, Susanne Wuest When a singer is found murdered, with her scent glands excised from her body, detectives probe a group of friends who attended boarding school with her. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Sirius the Jaeger","tags":"  Yuto Uemura, Takahiro Sakurai, Kenyu Horiuchi, Nanako Mori, Yusuke Kobayashi, Shunsuke Takeuchi, Junji Majima, Rie Takahashi, Hinata Tadokoro, Kenjiro Tsuda, Takehito Koyasu, Sayaka Ohara, Nobuo Tobita In imperial Tokyo, a group calling themselves \"Jaegers\" secretly hunt the vampires seeking the Ark of Sirius. Among them is young werewolf, Yuliy. anime,foregin,suspenseanime,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Struggle: The Life and Lost Art of Szukalski","tags":" Irek Dobrowolski  Artists in LA discover the work of forgotten Polish sculptor Stanislav Szukalski, a mad genius whose true story unfolds chapter by astounding chapter. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Wolf","tags":"  Ahu T\u00fcrkpen\u00e7e, Serkan \u00c7ayo\u011flu, Murat Arkin, Emir Benderlio\u011flu, Firat Do\u011frulo\u011flu, Ahmet Pinar, Mesut Akusta Tasked with risky missions across Turkey, members of a special-operations police unit confront danger and tragedy both on the field and at home. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"23:59","tags":" Gilbert Chan Tedd Chan, Stella Chung, Henley Hii, Lawrence Koh, Tommy Kuan, Josh Lai, Mark Lee, Susan Leong, Benjamin Lim When an army recruit is found dead, his fellow soldiers are forced to confront a terrifying secret that's haunting their jungle island training camp. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Fate\/stay night: Unlimited Blade Works","tags":"  Noriaki Sugiyama, Kana Ueda, Ayako Kawasumi, Junichi Suwabe, Noriko Shitaya, Mai Kadowaki, Masaki Terasoma, Nobutoshi Canna, Atsuko Tanaka, Shinichiro Miki, Yuu Asakawa, Miki Ito, Hiroshi Kamiya, Jouji Nakata, Tomokazu Seki High school students Rin and Shiro pair up as allies when they're chosen to compete in a secret tournament for possession of the Holy Grail. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Imperfect","tags":" Steve Cheng Edwin Goh, Ian Fang Weijie, Phua Yida, Kimberly Chia After a brawl lands him in a Boys\u2019 Home, a teen seems to be on a promising path until loyalty to his gangster buddy leads to even bigger trouble. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Lang Tong","tags":" Sam Loh William Lawandi, Angeline Yap, Vivienne Tseng, Esther Goh, Alan Tan After seducing a philandering con man, a rebellious young woman enlists his help in carrying out a heinous crime against her sister. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Miss J Contemplates Her Choice","tags":" Jason Lai Kit Chan, Xiang Yun, Bobby Tonelli, Shane Pow, Seraph Sun, Marcus Chiau, Sierra Bustos, Amy Cheng, Lin Yu Hui, Youyi The life of a radio talk-show host is turned upside down after a murderous caller dials into her program and asks her to choose his next victim. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Ascharyachakit!","tags":" Samit Kakkad Priyanka Bose, Vaibhav Raj Gupta, Santosh Juvekar, Anangsha Biswas, Ankit Raaj, Kashmira Irani, Kailash Waghmare, Vipin Sharma Entangling the lives of a movie star, a chauffeur, a prostitute and a pimp, this bold drama reveals ugly truths beneath Mumbai\u2019s glitzy veneer. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Ellen DeGeneres: Relatable","tags":" Joel Gallen, Tig Notaro Ellen DeGeneres In her first special since 2003, Ellen revisits her road to stardom and details the heartfelt \u2013 and hilarious \u2013 lessons she's learned along the way. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Lilli","tags":" Prasobh Vijayan Samyuktha Menon, Aaryan Menon, Dhanesh Anand, Kannan Nayar, Sajin Cherukayil, Kevin Jose, Athulya A woman who's about to give birth finds her maternal instincts kicking in when she's abducted, imprisoned and brutalized by a vicious gang. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Prince of Peoria: A Christmas Moose Miracle","tags":" Jon Rosenbaum Gavin Lewis, Theodore Barnes, Shelby Simmons, Cynthia Kaye McWilliams Teddy's never missed the Festival of Lights, but the bowling alley\u2019s been snowed in! Not to worry \u2013 Emil insists the Christmas moose will save the day. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Andhadhun","tags":" Sriram Raghavan Tabu, Ayushmann Khurrana, Radhika Apte, Anil Dhawan, Manav Vij, Zakir Hussain, Ashwini Kalsekar, Chhaya Kadam, Pawan Singh, Kabir Sajid A visually impaired pianist\u2019s world careens into a series of shocking twists after he unintentionally lands at the murder scene of a former film star. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ashes of Love","tags":"  Yang Zi, Deng Lun, Luo Yunxi Hidden away by her mother, the Floral Goddess, the na\u00efve Jinmi is drawn to Xufeng, the Heavenly Emperor's son. Yet forces conspire against them. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Dragons: Dawn of the Dragon Racers","tags":" Elaine Bogan, John Sanford Jay Baruchel, America Ferrera, Zack Pearlman, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, T.J. Miller, Andree Vermeulen The \"How to Train Your Dragon\" adventure continues when a hunt for lost sheep turns into a fierce, fun-filled competition. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"DreamWorks Holiday Classics","tags":"  Ben Stiller, David Schwimmer, Chris Rock, Jada Pinkett Smith, Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Eddie Murphy, Mike Myers, Antonio Banderas, Cameron Diaz Join your DreamWorks friends for these four holiday specials, featuring Shrek and Donkey, Hiccup and Toothless, and the wacky animals from Madagascar. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Kill the Messenger","tags":" Michael Cuesta Jeremy Renner, Rosemarie DeWitt, Ray Liotta, Tim Blake Nelson, Oliver Platt, Barry Pepper, Michael Sheen, Paz Vega, Michael Kenneth Williams, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Andy Garcia, Robert Patrick In the 1980s, a crusading journalist uncovers secret CIA funding for Nicaraguan rebels, but the powers that be silence his investigation. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Maps to the Stars","tags":" David Cronenberg Julianne Moore, Mia Wasikowska, Robert Pattinson, John Cusack, Olivia Williams, Sarah Gadon, Evan Bird, Niamh Wilson, Dawn Greenhalgh A showbiz family revolving around its teen celebrity son desperately tries to hang on to fame and success in this savage satire of Hollywood. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Springsteen on Broadway","tags":" Thom Zimny Bruce Springsteen Bruce Springsteen shares personal stories from his life and acoustic versions of some of his best-known songs in an intimate one-man show. musicmusic"},{"title":"The Theory of Everything","tags":" James Marsh Emily Watson, Charlie Cox, Felicity Jones, Maxine Peake, Harry Lloyd, Eddie Redmayne, David Thewlis, Simon McBurney As his esteem grows in the world of physics, Stephen Hawking's body is ravaged by ALS, forcing his increasing dependence on his devoted wife, Jane. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"F.R.E.D.I.","tags":" Sean Olson Kelly Hu, Angus Macfadyen, Candace Cameron Bure, Lucius Hoyos, Reid Miller, Tyler Christopher, Casimere Jollette, Christina Cox, Texas Battle, Harvey Guillen Venturing into the woods, high schooler James discovers an intelligent robot that he must save from the hands of a businessman with an evil scheme. family,fantasyfamily,fantasy"},{"title":"Flowers","tags":"  Olivia Colman, Julian Barratt, Daniel Rigby, Sophia Di Martino, Leila Hoffman, Will Sharpe, Harriet Walter Between a troubled marriage, a senile granny and twin siblings constantly in rivalry, a crumbling household struggles to barely keep it together. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Kita Kita","tags":" Sigrid Andrea Bernardo Alessandra de Rossi, Empoy Marquez When a tour guide in Japan goes blind after seeing her fianc\u00e9\u2019s infidelity, she befriends a fellow Filipino keen to coax her out of the darkness. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Once in a Lifetime Sessions with George Ezra","tags":"   English singer-songwriter George Ezra performs his standout songs and speaks about his transformation from aspiring bassist to pop star. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Once in a Lifetime Sessions with Kasabian","tags":" Matt Askem Sergio Pizzorno, Tom Meighan, Chris Edwards, Ian Mattthews, Lauren Laverne Between shots of live performances, Tom Meighan and Sergio Pizzorno of the English rock band talk about the 20-plus years of making music together. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Once in a Lifetime Sessions with OneRepublic","tags":"   Exclusive interviews, live performances and studio recording sessions offer an intimate look at how OneRepublic became the successful band it is today. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Once in a Lifetime Sessions with Snow Patrol","tags":" Matt Askem Gary Lightbody, Nathan Connolly, Jonny Quinn, Paul Wilson, Johnny McDaid, Edith Bowman In addition to concert scenes and studio recording sessions, this documentary presents exclusive interviews of the five men from the Irish rock band. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Sad Hill Unearthed","tags":" Guillermo de Oliveira  An eclectic group of fans of 1966's \"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly\" attempt to restore the cemetery set in Spain where the movie's climax was filmed. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Vanjagar Ulagam","tags":" Manoj Beedha Guru Somasundaram, Cibi Bhuvana Chandran, Vishagan Vanangamudi, Anisha Ambrose, Chandini Tamilarasan, Azhagamperumal, John Vijay, Vasu Vikram, Hareesh Peradi, Jayaprakash Radhakrishnan Shyam wakes to discover he's suspected in a murder that one journalist believes may have ties to a mysterious gangster. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Hymn of Death","tags":"  Lee Jong-suk, Shin Hye-sun, Kim Myeong-su, Park Seon-im, Kim Won-hae, Hwang Yeong-hee, Lee Ji-hoon, Go Bo-gyeol, Shin Jae-ha During the Japanese colonial period, married playwright Kim U-jin falls in love with soprano Yun Sim-deok, one of Korea\u2019s notable New Women. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"ROMA","tags":" Alfonso Cuar\u00f3n Yalitza Aparicio, Marina de Tavira Director Alfonso Cuar\u00f3n delivers a vivid, emotional portrait of domestic life and social hierarchy set against Mexico's political turmoil of the 1970s. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Fix","tags":"  Jimmy Carr, D.L. Hughley, Katherine Ryan Comedians Jimmy Carr, D.L. Hughley and Katherine Ryan tackle the world's woes with help from a rotating crew of funny guests and an actual expert. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Innocent Man","tags":"  John Grisham This documentary adaptation of John Grisham's only nonfiction book raises troubling questions about two murder cases in Ada, Oklahoma, in the 1980s. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Tidelands","tags":"  Charlotte Best, Elsa Pataky, Marco Pigossi, Aaron Jakubenko, Mattias Inwood, Dalip Sondhi, Alex Dimitriades, Richard Davies, Caroline Brazier, Peter O'Brien, Madeleine Madden Ex-con Cal McTeer's return to her hometown of Orphelin Bay blows the lid off a generations-long conspiracy of silence around murder, drugs and Sirens. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Travelers","tags":"  Eric McCormack, MacKenzie Porter, Nesta Cooper, Jared Paul Abrahamson, Reilly Dolman, Patrick Gilmore A federal agent tracks four people who suddenly seem to possess entirely new personalities, leading to a startling discovery about humanity's future. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Voltron: Legendary Defender","tags":"  Jeremy Shada, Tyler Labine, Bex Taylor-Klaus, Josh Keaton, Steven Yeun, Kimberly Brooks, Rhys Darby, A.J. LoCascio In an all-new series, five unlikely heroes and their flying robot lions unite to form the megapowerful Voltron and defend the universe from evil. familyfamily"},{"title":"Back Street Girls -GOKUDOLS-","tags":"  Daisuke Ono, Satoshi Hino, Kazuyuki Okitsu, Yuka Nukui, Kaori Maeda, Hikaru Akao, Junichi Suwabe, Keiji Fujiwara To pay for an epic blunder, three yakuza brothers are forced to alter their bodies, form a girl group and break into the underground J-Pop idol scene. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Out of Many, One","tags":" John Hoffman, Nanfu Wang  In this documentary short, a diverse group of men and women discuss their personal journeys as they prepare for the U.S. citizenship test. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Vir Das: Losing It","tags":" Marcus Raboy Vir Das The world's got a lot of problems, but Vir Das has a lot of answers as he discusses travel, religion, his childhood and more in this stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"5 Star Christmas","tags":" Marco Risi Massimo Ghini, Ricky Memphis, Martina Stella, Ralph Palka, Biagio Izzo, Riccardo Rossi, Paola Minaccioni When the Italian prime minister meets his lover and political rival while on an official trip to Budapest during Christmas week, things go topsy-turvy. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Dogs of Berlin","tags":"  Felix Kramer, Fahri Yardim, Anna Maria M\u00fche, Katharina Sch\u00fcttler, Alina Stiegler, Urs Rechn, Sinan Farhangmehr, Kais Setti, Mohamed Issa, Hauke Diekamp, David Bennent, Deniz Orta, Katrin Sa\u00df, Sebastian Zimmler Two cops investigate the murder of a famous Turkish-German soccer player, but one of them has underworld connections that mire the case in controversy. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Dumplin'","tags":" Anne Fletcher Danielle Macdonald, Jennifer Aniston, Odeya Rush, Maddie Baillio, Bex Taylor-Klaus, Luke Benward, Georgie Flores, Dove Cameron, Harold Perrineau, Kathy Najimy, Ginger Minj, Hilliary Begley To prove a point about measuring up and fitting in, Texas teen Willowdean Dickson enters a local pageant run by her ex-beauty queen mom. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Mowgli: Legend of the Jungle","tags":" Andy Serkis Christian Bale, Cate Blanchett, Benedict Cumberbatch, Naomie Harris, Andy Serkis, Rohan Chand, Peter Mullan, Jack Reynor, Eddie Marsan, Tom Hollander, Louis Ashbourne Serkis, Matthew Rhys, Freida Pinto An orphaned boy raised by animals in the jungle seizes his destiny while confronting a dangerous enemy \u2013 and his own human origins. action,family,dramaaction,family,drama"},{"title":"Neo Yokio","tags":"  Jaden Smith, Jude Law, Tavi Gevinson, Susan Sarandon, Desus Nice, The Kid Mero, Richard Ayoade, Willow Smith, Kiernan Shipka, Jason Schwartzman, Amandla Stenberg, Ray Wise Joined by his faithful mecha-butler, Kaz Kaan pursues love, fashion and supernatural forces amid Neo Yokio's sinister high society. comedy,fantasy,showcomedy,fantasy,show"},{"title":"Pine Gap","tags":" Mat King Parker Sawyers, Jacqueline McKenzie, Steve Toussaint, Tess Haubrich, Stephen Curry, Lewis Fitz-Gerald, Mark Leonard Winter At top-secret U.S.-Australian joint defense facility Pine Gap, fissures appear in the critical alliance as spies work with, and against, each other. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The American Meme","tags":" Bert Marcus Paris Hilton, Josh Ostrovsky, Brittany Furlan, Kirill Bichutsky, DJ Khaled, Emily Ratajkowski, Hailey Baldwin Social media stars Paris Hilton, Josh Ostrovsky, Brittany Furlan and Kirill Bichutsky hustle to build online empires \u2013 and face the pitfalls of fame. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Sound of Your Heart: Reboot","tags":"  Sung Hoon, Kwon Yuri, Tae Hang-ho, Joo Jin-mo, Shim Hye-jin, Ji Su-won, Park Cheol-min, Kim Seong-won, Kang Yoon, Seo Eun-ah, Bae Yoon-kyung Webtoonist Cho Seok is back with more anecdotes of mix-ups, unintended antics, and bathroom blunders in this reboot starring an all-new cast. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Memories of the Alhambra","tags":"  Hyun Bin, Park Shin-hye, Park Hoon, Kim Yong-rim, Chanyeol, Lee Re, Lee Hak Joo, Lee Si-won, Kim Eui-sung While looking for the cryptic creator of an innovative augmented-reality game, an investment firm executive meets a woman who runs a hostel in Spain. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Teefa in Trouble","tags":" Ahsan Rahim Ali Zafar, Maya Ali, Javed Sheikh, Mehmood Aslam, Faisal Qureshi, Nayyar Ejaz, Asma Abbas, Marhoom Ahmad Bilal, Simi Raheal, Salman Bokhari A gangster hires goon Teefa to abduct his friend\u2019s daughter for an arranged marriage, but things get tricky when Teefa develops feelings for the girl. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"A Beautiful Life","tags":" Andrew Lau Wai-Keung Qi Shu, Liu Ye, Anthony Wong Chau-Sang, Liang Tian, Danying Feng, Rina Sa, Zhang Songwen, Tian Gao, Andrew Lin After meeting under awkward circumstances, a glamorous businesswoman and a tradition-bound policeman begin a relationship that changes their lives. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Accident","tags":" Cheang Pou Soi Louis Koo, Richie Ren, Stanley Fung Sui-Fan, Michelle Ye, Lam Suet, Alexander Chan, Monica Mok A contract killer skilled at staging lethal accidents fears he may be a victim of his own strategy when an accomplice dies in a mysterious mishap. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Ayotzinapa, el paso de la tortuga","tags":" Enrique Garc\u00eda Meza  Delving into the disappearance of 43 college students in Mexico, this documentary seeks to give justice and a voice to the victims and their families. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Battle","tags":" Katarina Launing Lisa Teige, Fabian Svegaard Tapia, Vebj\u00f8rn Enger, Charlott Madeleine Utzig, Stig R. Amdam, Karen-Lise Mynster After Amalie's dad goes bankrupt, the young dancer's affluent life collapses. But she finds a new beat to follow after meeting hip-hop dancer Mikael. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Blind Detective","tags":" Johnnie To Andy Lau, Sammi Cheng, Gao Yuanyuan, Guo Tao, Philip Keung, Lam Suet, Lo Hoi-pang, Tai-Lo Ma, Man-Wai Wong, Ying-Ying Yiu, Yi Zi When a cop loses his vision, his detecting skills stay sharp. Luckily, a rookie officer recognizes his extraordinary powers of deduction. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Break Up 100","tags":" Lawrence Cheng Ekin Cheng, Chrissie Chow, Ivana Wong, Jase Ho, Alex Lam, Wen Xin, Miriam Chin Wah Yeung, Eric Kot, Kar Lok Chin After their 99th breakup, a career woman and her carefree partner open a cafe where customers can put up souvenirs of past relationships. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Chal Bhaag","tags":" Prakash Balwant Saini Deepak Dobriyal, Tarun Bajaj, Keeya Khanna, Varun Mehra, Sanjay Mishra, Yashpal Sharma, Mukesh Tiwari, Atul Srivastava, Manish Khanna, Kunwar Aziz Three petty criminals find themselves in a pickle when police wrongly charge them with the murder of an important politician. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Crossroads: One Two Jaga","tags":" Nam Ron Zahiril Adzim, Ario Bayu, Asmara Abigail, Rosdeen Suboh, Amerul Affendi, Iedil Putra, Timothy Castillo, Chew Kin Wah, Along Eyzendy, Nam Ron In Kuala Lumpur, an abused domestic worker tries to escape to Indonesia, while an idealistic cop insists on fighting corruption  \u2013 at a heavy price. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Don't Go Breaking My Heart","tags":" Johnnie To Louis Koo, Gao Yuanyuan, Daniel Wu A financial analyst succumbs to a love triangle with a hard-drinking architect and a promiscuous investment bro, who soon becomes her boss. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Don't Go Breaking My Heart 2","tags":" Johnnie To Louis Koo, Gao Yuanyuan, Miriam Chin Wah Yeung, Vic Chou, Daniel Wu Zixin is about to marry Qihong, but her gallivanting ex returns to wreak havoc as mistaken identities and love triangles stir up the lovers' paradise. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Faraar","tags":" Baljit Singh Deo Kainaat Arora, Jaggi Singh, Gippy Grewal When a man is arrested on arrival in America because authorities mistake him for a wanted gangster, a new friend tries to help him prove his innocence. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Helios","tags":" Leung Lok Man, Luk Kim-ching Jacky Cheung, Nick Cheung, Chang Chen, Shawn Yue, Wang Xueqi, Janice Man, Ji Jin-hee, Choi Si-won When master criminal Helios steals a mobile WMD, rival agents from Hong Kong, South Korea and China must join forces to recover the device. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Line Walker","tags":" Jazz Boon Nick Cheung, Louis Koo, Francis Chun-Yu Ng, Charmaine Sheh, Hui Shiu Hung, Li Guangjie, Zhang Huiwen, Xing Yu, Cheng Taishen, Moses Chan, Louis Cheung A Hong Kong intelligence officer tasked with finding undercover agents whose identities have been erased finds herself in the paths of rival triads. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Look for a Star","tags":" Andrew Lau Wai-Keung Andy Lau, Qi Shu, Zhang Hanyu, Denise Ho, Dominic Lam, Xinyi Zhang, David Chiang, George Lam, Rebecca Pan, Maria Cordero, Tat-Ming Cheung While keeping his identity secret, a real estate billionaire tries to woo an outspoken croupier who talks gamblers out of losing their money. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Once a Gangster","tags":" Felix Chong Ekin Cheng, Jordan Chan, Alex Fong, Michelle Ye, On-on Yu, Wilfred Lau, Conroy Chan Two former triads are tapped to run in an election for leader of the underworld, but both want normal lives. Each must outwit the other to lose. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Power Paandi","tags":" Dhanush Rajkiran, Dhanush, Prasanna, Chaya Singh, Revathy, Madonna Sebastian, Vidyullekha Raman Retired, restless and constantly butting heads with his son, a former stuntman escapes on a road trip that becomes a journey to find his first love. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Roll With Me","tags":"   Backed by a crew of unlikely allies, newly sober paraplegic Gabriel Cordell teams up with his nephew for a grueling wheelchair trek across America. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"SDU: Sex Duties Unit","tags":" Gary Mak Chapman To, Shawn Yue, Matt Chow, Kwok Cheung Tsang Four man-children in an elite tactical unit gallivant around Macau for a weekend of debauchery that gets them in trouble with the law. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Set Off","tags":" Liu Jiang Wenpei Ju, Fan Wei, Liu Hua, Qianyuan Wang, Ren Zhengbin, He Jiang When a restaurant owner in Cyprus returns to Beijing to sign divorce papers, a drunk woman he encounters triggers a string of mishaps. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"1983","tags":"  Robert Wi\u0119ckiewicz, Maciej Musia\u0142, Michalina Olsza\u0144ska, Andrzej Chyra, Clive Russell, Zofia Wich\u0142acz, Edyta Olsz\u00f3wka, Mateusz Ko\u015bciukiewicz, Ewa B\u0142aszczyk, Vu Le Hong, Tomasz W\u0142osok, Krzysztof Wach In this dark alt-history thriller, a na\u00efve law student and a world-weary detective uncover a conspiracy that has tyrannized Poland for decades. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"A Christmas Prince: The Royal Wedding","tags":" John Schultz Rose McIver, Ben Lamb, Alice Krige, Simon Dutton, Honor Kneafsey, Sarah Douglas, Theo Devaney, John Guerrasio, Andy Lucas, Raj Bajaj, Richard Ashton, Billy Angel, Tahirah Sharif, Joel McVeagh A year after helping Richard secure the crown, Amber returns to Aldovia to plan their wedding. But her simple tastes clash with royal protocol. family,drama,romancefamily,drama,romance"},{"title":"Angela's Christmas","tags":" Damien O\u2019Connor Lucy O'Connell, Ruth Negga, Brendan Mullins, Malachy McCourt, Vivian Drew, Anya O'Connor, Janet Moran, Brian Gleeson, Pat Kinevane A trip to church with her family on Christmas Eve gives young Angela an extraordinary idea. A heartwarming tale based on a story by Frank McCourt. familyfamily"},{"title":"Death by Magic","tags":"  Drummond Money-Coutts Magician Drummond Money-Coutts travels the globe, sharing his infectious love of his craft and attempting feats that proved fatal to other magicians. showshow"},{"title":"El club de los insomnes","tags":" Joseduardo Giordano, Sergio Goyri Jr. Cassandra Ciangherotti, Leonardo Ortizgris, Alejandra Ambrosi, Alexandra De La Mora, M\u00f3nica Dionne, Sergio Goyri, Fernando Becerril, Humberto Busto, Marco M\u00e9ndez, Alejandra Urdia\u00edn, Khristian Clausen, Fernando Luj\u00e1n An insomniac, an aspiring photographer and a pregnant veterinarian form a unique friendship during late-night meetings at a 24-hour mini-mart. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Happy as Lazzaro","tags":" Alice Rohrwacher Adriano Tardiolo, Agnese Graziani, Alba Rohrwacher, Luca Chikovani, Tommaso Ragno, Sergi L\u00f3pez, Natalino Balasso, Carlo Tarmati, Pasqualina Scuncia, Nicoletta Braschi Purehearted teen Lazzaro is content living as a sharecropper in rural Italy, but an unlikely friendship with the marquise's son will change his world. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Love and Fortune","tags":"  Eri Tokunaga, Daichi Watanabe, Fuju Kamio, Sairi Ito, Mina Fujii, Mansaku Ikeuchi, Kinuo Yamada, Yuka Ogura, Enon Kawatani, Yui Imaizumi, Noriko Eguchi, Masanobu Ando, Kitaro Frustrated by life with her boyfriend, thirty-something Wako can\u2019t stop herself from being interested in high schooler Yumeaki, despite their age gap. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Manto","tags":" Nandita Das Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Rasika Dugal, Tahir Raj Bhasin The controversial and troubled Indo-Pakistani writer Saadat Hasan Manto finds his artistic choices challenged by censors. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Rajma Chawal","tags":" Leena Yadav Rishi Kapoor, Anirudh Tanwar, Amyra Dastur, Jitendra Shastri, Aparshakti Khurana, Harish Khanna, Manu Rishi Chadha, Nirmal Rishi, Sheeba Chaddha, Adil Hussain, Rahul Ram, Mukesh Chhabra Hoping to revive his relationship with his resentful millennial son, an internet-rookie widower assumes the online persona of a young woman. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Spy Kids: Mission Critical","tags":"  Ashley Bornancin, Carter Hastings, Caitlyn Bairstow, Nicholas Coombe, Nesta Cooper, Richard Ian Cox, Tom Kenny, Travis Turner, Candi Milo, Mira Sorvino In this animated spinoff series, Juni and Carmen Cortez must battle the evil organization S.W.A.M.P. \u2013 without the help of their super-spy parents. familyfamily"},{"title":"The World Is Yours","tags":" Romain Gavras Isabelle Adjani, Karim Leklou, Fran\u00e7ois Damiens, Vincent Cassel, Oulaya Amamra To escape his life of crime, a Paris drug dealer takes on one last job involving Spain, unhinged gangsters, his longtime crush and his scheming mother. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Time Share","tags":" Sebasti\u00e1n Hofmann Luis Gerardo M\u00e9ndez, Miguel Rodarte, R.J. Mitte, Cassandra Ciangherotti, Montserrat Mara\u00f1on, Andr\u00e9s Almeida, Emiliano Rodr\u00edguez Husband and father Pedro becomes increasingly suspicious that a series of mishaps at a resort during a family vacation are part of a sinister plan. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Bumping Mics with Jeff Ross & Dave Attell","tags":"  Jeff Ross, Dave Attell When Jeff Ross and Dave Attell take the stage, no one is safe. With the help of special guests, they're packing a lot of laughs into one epic weekend. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Minecraft: Story Mode","tags":"  Patton Oswalt, Catherine Taber, Sean Astin, Melissa Hutchison, Ashley Johnson, Matthew Mercer, Jim Meskimen, Martha Plimpton, Scott Porter, Brian Posehn, Paul Reubens, Billy West, Dave Fennoy Take control of an adventure set in the Minecraft universe. The future of the world is at stake, and your decisions shape the story \u2013 so choose wisely! familyfamily"},{"title":"My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic: Best Gift Ever","tags":" Denny Lu, Mike Myhre Tara Strong, Andrea Libman, Ashleigh Ball, Cathy Weseluck, Tabitha St. Germain, John de Lancie, Sam Vincent, Garry Chalk The ponies get in the spirit of the holidays by drawing names for a gift exchange, then race around Equestria in search of the perfect presents. familyfamily"},{"title":"Frontier","tags":"  Jason Momoa, Landon Liboiron, Alun Armstrong, Jessica Matten, Zoe Boyle, Allan Hawco, Evan Jonigkeit, Katie McGrath In 18th-century North America, ruthless trappers and entrepreneurs fight to wrest control of the fur trade from the mighty Hudson's Bay Company. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Fugitiva","tags":"  Paz Vega, Julio Bracho, Arantza Ruiz, Luisa Rubino, Lander Otaola, Iv\u00e1n Pellicer, Jos\u00e9 Manuel Poga, Mercedes Sampietro, Charo L\u00f3pez, Roberto \u00c1lamo, Ra\u00fal Medina, Melina Matthews, Pedro Mari S\u00e1nchez, Odiseo Bichir A domestic abuse survivor orchestrates an elaborate deception to protect her family from her powerfully wealthy husband and his vindictive enemies. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Sick Note","tags":"  Rupert Grint, Nick Frost, Don Johnson, Lindsay Lohan, Pippa Bennett-Warner, Marama Corlett, Karl Theobald, Belinda Stewart-Wilson, Camilla Beeput, Dustin Demri-Burns, Tolu Ogunmefun After slacker Daniel Glass is misdiagnosed with cancer, his lies lead him into an absurd web of fraud, blackmail, suspicion and misadventure. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Return","tags":"  Felicia Day, Patton Oswalt, Jonah Ray, Baron Vaughn, Hampton Yount The cult hit returns! Captured by mad scientists, new host Jonah survives a blitz of cheesy B movies by riffing on them with his funny robot pals. comedy,fantasycomedy,fantasy"},{"title":"The Christmas Chronicles","tags":" Clay Kaytis Kurt Russell, Darby Camp, Judah Lewis, Kimberly Williams-Paisley, Oliver Hudson, Lamorne Morris, Martin Roach After accidentally crashing Santa's sleigh, a brother and sister pull an all-nighter to save Christmas with a savvy, straight-talking St. Nick. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Tribe","tags":" Fernando Colomo Paco Le\u00f3n, Carmen Machi, Luis Bermejo, Maribel del Pino, Maite Sandoval, Arlette Torres, Marisol Aznar, Mar\u00eda Jos\u00e9 Sarrate, Manuel Huedo, Artur Busquets An executive-turned-viral sensation loses his reputation and his memory, but finds a new life with his biological mother and her empowered dance group. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Puppy Star Christmas","tags":" Robert Vince Kaitlyn Maher, Mackenzie Sol, Makenzie Moss, David DeLuise, George Newbern, Reggie De Leon, Diedrich Bader, Chloe Coleman, Oakley Bull, Dillon Fontana, vivienne Rutherford, Tyreese Burnett A new pack of Pup Star pooches stumbles upon a rival team\u2019s plan to ruin Christmas, then ends up at the North Pole to try and save the holiday spirit. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Sabrina","tags":" Rocky Soraya Luna Maya, Christian Sugiono, Sara Wijayanto, Jeremy Thomas, Richelle Georgette Skornicki, Rizky Hanggono, Asri Handayani A toy manufacturer and his wife are terrorized by a demon after their orphaned niece tries to summon her late mother's spirit using a spooky ritual. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Target","tags":" Raditya Dika Raditya Dika, Cinta Laura Kiehl, Samuel Rizal, Willy Dozan, Abdur Arsyad, Hifdzi Khoir, Romy Rafael, Ria Ricis, Anggika Bolsterli Trapped in an empty building, nine people are forced to play a lethal game. All their movements will be recorded, and only one player can survive. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Final Table","tags":"  Andrew Knowlton Teams of elite chefs vie to impress the world's toughest palates as they whip up iconic dishes from nine nations in this star-packed competition. showshow"},{"title":"Trevor Noah: Son of Patricia","tags":" David Paul Meyer Trevor Noah \"Daily Show\" host Trevor Noah touches on tacos, runaway snakes, camping, racism immunity and lessons he learned from his mother in this comedy special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Pixar Story","tags":" Leslie Iwerks Stacy Keach Go behind the scenes at Pixar Animation Studios with this Emmy-nominated documentary tracing the creation and history of the groundbreaking company. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Eternal Love","tags":"  Yang Mi, Mark Chao, Dilraba Dilmurat, Ken Chang, Vengo Gao, Huang Mengying After the deities Bai Qian and Ye Hua meet and fall in love, their romance stands the test of three lifetimes \u2014 each an epic in its own right. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"La Do\u00f1a","tags":"  Aracely Ar\u00e1mbula, David Chocarro, Danna Paola, Rebecca Jones, Odiseo Bichir, Gabriela Roel, Andrea Mart\u00ed, Juan R\u00edos Cant\u00fa, Diego Soldano, Daniela Bascop\u00e9 Worlds collide and lives shatter when Altagracia, a powerful and elegant businesswoman, plots a ruthless revenge while falling in love. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Silvana Sin Lana","tags":"  Maritza Rodr\u00edguez, Carlos Ponce, Marimar Vega, Adriana Barraza, Marcela Guirado, Ricardo Abarca, Thali Garc\u00eda, Alexandra Pomales, Briggitte Bozzo, Santiago Torres, Patricio Gallardo, Roberto Escobar, Samantha Dagnino, Raury Rolander, Vince Miranda, Javier Valc\u00e1rcel When her fugitive husband leaves her homeless and penniless, a once-wealthy woman has no other choice but to join the working class. romance,foregin,comedyromance,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Cam","tags":" Daniel Goldhaber Madeline Brewer, Patch Darragh, Melora Walters, Devin Druid, Imani Hakim, Michael Dempsey, Flora Diaz, Samantha Robinson, Jessica Parker Kennedy, Quei Tann After a look-alike takes over her account, a cam girl with a growing fan base sets out to identify the mysterious culprit and reclaim her own identity. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Nothing to Hide","tags":" Fred Cavay\u00e9 B\u00e9r\u00e9nice Bejo, Suzanne Cl\u00e9ment, St\u00e9phane De Groodt, Vincent Elbaz, Gr\u00e9gory Gadebois, Doria Tillier, Roschdy Zem, Fleur Fitoussi To spice up a dinner party, old friends agree to share every private message that pops up on their phones \u2013 with disastrous results. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ponysitters Club","tags":"  Morgan Neundorf, Madeline Leon, Khiyla Aynne, Cailan Laine Punnewaert, Zyon Allen, Maya Franzoi, Victoria Tomazelli, Hugh Wilson, Diana Chrisman A young horse enthusiast teams up with her best friends to rescue and rehabilitate animals on her family's beloved ranch. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"The Ballad of Buster Scruggs","tags":" Joel Coen, Ethan Coen Liam Neeson, James Franco, Tim Blake Nelson, Tom Waits, Zoe Kazan, Brendan Gleeson Ranging from absurd to profound, these Western vignettes from the Coen brothers follow the adventures of outlaws and settlers on the American frontier. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"The Princess Switch","tags":"  Vanessa Hudgens, Sam Palladio, Nick Sagar, Suanne Braun, Mark Fleischmann, Amy Griffiths, Sara Stewart, Pavel Douglas, Robin Soans, Calliope Taylor, Natali Yura, Alexa Adeosun When a down-to-earth Chicago baker and a soon-to-be princess discover they look like twins, they hatch a Christmastime plan to trade places. family,drama,romancefamily,drama,romance"},{"title":"Vai Anitta","tags":"  Anitta Go behind the scenes with Brazilian pop icon Anitta, along with her friends and family, as she aims to create a new song and music video each month. documental,foregin,showdocumental,foregin,show"},{"title":"Aalorukkam","tags":" V C Abhilash Indrans, Sreekanth Menon, Vishnu Agasthya, Aliyar, Seethabaala, Shaji John, Sajith Nampiyar, Benny Vadakkan When an aging father seeks the help of a doctor and a journalist to look for the son who left him 16 years ago, he learns some surprising truths. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Christmas Wedding Planner","tags":" Justin G. Dyck Stephen Huszar, Kelly Rutherford A wedding planner\u2019s world is turned upside down when a handsome private investigator is hired to disrupt one of her biggest jobs. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Halkaa","tags":" Nila Madhab Panda Tathastu, Aryan Preet, Ranvir Shorey, Paoli Dam, Kumud Mishra, Devender Chaudhary, Shrikant Verma Up against a corrupt government official and crushing poverty, a young boy in the Delhi slums attempts to raise funds to build himself his own toilet. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"May the Devil Take You","tags":" Timo Tjahjanto Chelsea Islan, Pevita Pearce, Samo Rafael, Karina Suwandhi, Ray Sahetapy, Ruth Marini, Hadijah Shahab, Clara Bernadeth, Kinaryosih, Nicole Rossi Hoping to find answers to her estranged father's mysterious illness, a young woman visits his old villa and uncovers a horrifying truth from the past. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Muzaffarnagar Baaqi Hai","tags":" Nakul Singh Sawhney  Through interviews with locals, this documentary investigates the triggers and outcomes of the 2013 communal riots in the heart of Uttar Pradesh. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Odu Raja Odu","tags":" Nishanth Ravindaran, Jathin Sanker Raj Guru Somasundaram, Nasser, Anand Sami, Lakshmi Priyaa Chandramouli, Ashiqa Salvan, Ravindra Vijay, Abishek K.S., Venkatesh Harinathan While trying to buy his wife a set-top box, a struggling writer and his pal get entangled in the domino effect of a spectacularly botched drug deal. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Savita Damodar Paranjpe","tags":" Swapna Waghmare Joshi Subodh Bhave, Trupti Toradmal, Rakesh Bapat, Pallavi Patil, Angad Mhaskar, Hemangi Kavi, Savita Prabhune, Sandeep Avchat When his wife begins to exhibit alarming behavior, a husband tries to find whether she suffers from a personality disorder or something more sinister. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Giant","tags":" Aitor Arregi, Jon Gara\u00f1o Joseba Usabiaga, Eneko Sagardoy, I\u00f1igo Aranburu, Ram\u00f3n Aguirre, Aia Kruse, I\u00f1igo Azpitarte In 1843, crippled Martin returns from war to his Basque hometown and finds his brother has grown into a giant, which they turn into a circus act. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"BuyBust","tags":" Erik Matti Anne Curtis, Brandon Vera, Victor Neri, Arjo Atayde, Levi Ignacio, Alex Calleja, Lao Rodriguez, Joross Gamboa, Ricky Pascua, Nonie Buencamino In a mazelike Manila slum, at war with incensed civilians and a brutal cartel, special agent Nina Manigan must fight her way through one fierce night. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Warrior","tags":"  Dar Salim, Danica Curcic, Lars Ranthe, Marco Ils\u00f8, S\u00f8ren Malling, Jakob Oftebro A war veteran plagued by guilt over his final mission teams up with his best friend's widow to infiltrate a dangerous Copenhagen biker gang. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Age of Tanks","tags":"   The history of military tanks unfolds in a documentary series that traces their role in history and geopolitics from World War I to the 21st century. documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"All's Well, End's Well (2009)","tags":" Vincent Kok Louis Koo, Sandra Ng Kwan Yue, Raymond Wong, Ronald Cheng, Yao Chen, Guo Tao, Heung Kam Lee, Chun Chau Ha, Miki Shum Bound by a family rule that forbids him from marrying until his stubborn sister gets hitched, a bachelor enlists the help of a love guru to woo her. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Lommbock","tags":" Christian Z\u00fcbert Lucas Gregorowicz, Moritz Bleibtreu, Louis Hofmann, Wotan Wilke M\u00f6hring, Alexandra Neldel, Melanie Winigir, Mavie H\u00f6rbiger, Dar Salim, Elmar Wepper, Antoine Monot Jr. After finding love in drug-free Dubai, Stefan returns to Germany to grab documents for his wedding. But old buddy Kai's bad habits complicate things. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Medal of Honor","tags":"  Oliver Hudson, Ben Schwartz, Paul Wesley, Aldis Hodge, Jonny Weston, Joseph Cross, Jake Abel, Derek Mio Honoring service members whose courage merited the awarding of a Medal of Honor, this docudrama series re-creates their inspiring true stories. documental,dramadocumental,drama"},{"title":"Outlaw King","tags":" David Mackenzie Chris Pine, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Florence Pugh, Billy Howle, Sam Spruell, Tony Curran, Callan Mulvey, James Cosmo, Stephen Dillane In 14th-century Scotland, Robert the Bruce claims the crown and leads a fierce uprising to win back the country's independence from English rule. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Super Drags","tags":"  Fernando Mendon\u00e7a, S\u00e9rgio Cant\u00fa, Wagner Follare, Pabllo Vittar, Silvetty Montilla, Rapha V\u00e9lez, Sylvia Salustti, Guilherme Briggs In this adult animated series, three gay co-workers lead double lives as drag queen superheroes, saving the LGBTQ community from evil nemeses. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"The Queen of Flow","tags":"  Carolina Ram\u00edrez, Carlos Torres, Andr\u00e9s Sandoval, Adriana Arango, Mabel Moreno, Luis Alfredo Velasco, Pacho Rueda, Diana Wiswell, Mariana Garz\u00f3n, Ki\u00f1o, Sebasti\u00e1n Silva, Mariana G\u00f3mez, Mar\u00eda Jos\u00e9 Vargas, Guillermo Blanco, Juan Manuel Restrepo, Alejandro Otero, David Ojalvo Seventeen years after being wrongly imprisoned, a talented songwriter seeks justice against the men who caused her downfall and killed her family. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Treehouse Detectives","tags":"  Brody Allen, Jenna Davis, Ryan Bartley, Philece Sampler, Leigh Kelly, Abby Trott When their animal friends need help, brother-and-sister team Toby and Teri use the clues and follow the facts to solve mysteries in their own backyard. family,suspensefamily,suspense"},{"title":"Westside","tags":"   Nine struggling musicians share the spotlight in this deeply personal reality series about the challenges and thrills of staging a Hollywood showcase. showshow"},{"title":"Transfers","tags":"  Arieh Worthalter, Brune Renault, Toinette Laquiere, Steve Tientcheu, Pili Groyne, Patrick Descamps, Patrick Raynal, Juliette Plumecocq-Mech, S\u00e9bastien Chassagne, Alexis Loret, Aissatou Diop After a boating accident, woodworker and family man Florian wakes up in the body of an officer who leads a task force against illegal body transfers. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Damnation","tags":"  Logan Marshall-Green, Killian Scott, Sarah Jones, Chasten Harmon, Christopher Heyerdahl, Melinda Page Hamilton, Joe Adler During the Great Depression, a stranger with a violent past poses as a preacher and rallies farmers to mount a strike in a rural Iowa community. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Bucket List","tags":" Tejas Prabha Vijay Deoskar Madhuri Dixit, Sumeet Raghvan, Renuka Shahane, Milind Pathak, Vandana Gupte, Pradeep Velankar, Shubha Khote, Resham Tipnis After getting a heart transplant, a 40-year-old homemaker in Pune makes the life-changing decision to complete the bucket list of her 20-year-old donor. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"John Leguizamo's Latin History for Morons","tags":"  John Leguizamo In this one-man Broadway show, John Leguizamo finds humor and heartbreak as he traces 3,000 years of Latin history in an effort to help his bullied son. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kopitiam","tags":"  Joanna Bessey, Douglas Lim, Lina Teoh, Rashid Salleh, Mano Maniam, Tan Jin Chor A young woman returns to Malaysia to take over her father\u2019s old coffee shop. Along with inheriting the Kopitiam, she gains a kooky group of friends. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Ana e Vit\u00f3ria","tags":" Matheus Souza Ana Caetano, Vit\u00f3ria Falc\u00e3o, Clarissa M\u00fcller, Bruce Gomlevsky, Thati Lopes, Caique Nogueira, \u00c9rika Mader, Victor Lamoglia, Gabriela Nunes, Bryan Ruffo, Hamilton Dias After meeting by chance, two young musicians with differing views on love and life record an album that drastically alters their lives. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"ReMastered: Tricky Dick & The Man in Black","tags":" Sara Dosa  This documentary chronicles Johnny Cash's 1970 visit to the White House, where Cash's emerging ideals clashed with Richard Nixon's policies. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"The Holiday Calendar","tags":" Bradley Walsh Kat Graham, Quincy Brown, Ethan Peck, Ron Cephas Jones, Genelle Williams, Ali Hassan, Rodrigo Fernandez-Stoll, Laura de Carteret, Kevin Hanchard, Romaine Waite A talented photographer stuck in a dead-end job inherits an antique Advent calendar that may be predicting the future \u2013 and pointing her toward love. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"The Other Side of the Wind","tags":" Orson Welles John Huston, Oja Kodar, Peter Bogdanovich, Susan Strasberg, Robert Random, Lilli Palmer, Norman Foster, Edmond O'Brien, Mercedes McCambridge, Cameron Mitchell, Paul Stewart On the last day of his life, a legendary director struggles to complete a new project and contemplates his legacy in this layered film by Orson Welles. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"They\u2019ll Love Me When I\u2019m Dead","tags":" Morgan Neville Orson Welles, Alan Cumming Actors, crew members and others who were there discuss the tumultuous creation of Orson Welles's final, unfinished film, \u201cThe Other Side of the Wind.\u201d documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Aagey Se Right","tags":" Indrajit Nattoji Shreyas Talpade, Kay Kay Menon, Shiv Pandit, Sanjay Sharma, Shenaz Treasury, Mahie Gill A cop full of self-doubt loses his gun five days before he's due to leave the force, and becomes an unexpected hero as he tries to retrieve it. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Aamir","tags":" Raj Kumar Gupta Rajeev Khandelwal, Gajraj Rao, Shashanka Ghosh, Jhilmil Hazrika, Gazala Amin, Allauddin Khan In this high-tension thriller, an anonymous caller on a cell phone threatens to harm a man's family if he doesn't carry out every order. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"ABCD 2","tags":" Remo D'Souza Prabhu Deva, Varun Dhawan, Shraddha Kapoor, Lauren Gottlieb, Sushant Pujari, Punit Pathak, Dharmesh Yelande, Raghav Juyal After being accused of cheating on a reality TV show, a dance troupe seeks to redeem itself by winning the World Hip-Hop Dance Championship. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"ABCD: Any Body Can Dance","tags":" Remo D'Souza Prabhu Deva, Kay Kay Menon, Ganesh Acharya, Dharmesh Yelande, Salman, Lauren Gottlieb, Noorin Sha, Punit Pathak Thrown out of the elite dance studio he founded, Vishnu's spirits rebound when he sees young street dancers prepping for an annual contest. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Arjun: The Warrior Prince","tags":" Arnab Chaudhuri Yudhveer Bakoliya, Ashok Banthia, Ravi Khanwilkar, Vijay Kashyap, Ila Arun, Sachin Khedekar, Rajeshwari Sachdev, Hemanth Mahaur This animated retelling of the classic Indian tale of Prince Arjun \u2013 part of the Sanskrit epic Mahabharata \u2013 begins during the prince's youth. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Asees","tags":" Rana Ranbir Rana Ranbir, Neha Pawar, Kuljinder Sidhu, Rupinder Roopi, Sardar Sohi, Pardeep Sran, Seema Kaushal, Rajvir Boparai When a dispute breaks out between five siblings over their mother\u2019s property, one devoted son will go to any lengths to protect her land. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Barfi!","tags":" Anurag Basu Ranbir Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, Ileana D'Cruz, Saurabh Shukla, Ashish Vidyarthi, Rupa Ganguly, Bholaraj Sapkota, Jishu Sengupta, Haradhan Bannerjee Years after rejecting Barfii, a hearing and speech impaired young man, for a more \"appropriate\" suitor, Shruti finds herself falling for him. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Chance Pe Dance","tags":" Ken Ghosh Shahid Kapoor, Genelia D'Souza, Mohnish Bahl, Satish Shah, Parikshat Sahni, Vikas Bhalla, Kurush Deboo, Zain Khan Having risen from humble beginnings, an ambitious young man sets his sights on winning a major dance competition that could catapult him to fame. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Christmas With A View","tags":" Justin G. Dyck Scott Cavalheiro, Kaitlyn Leeb, Vivica A. Fox, Patrick Duffy, Jess Walton, Mark Ghanim\u00e9 Still reeling from a business failure, the restaurant manager of a ski resort finds her world jolted by a new chef, who has his own hidden past. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Chup Chup Ke","tags":" Priyadarshan, Kookie V. Gulati Shahid Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor, Om Puri, Neha Dhupia, Sunil Shetty, Paresh Rawal, Rajpal Yadav, Shakti Kapoor Mistaking a broke, small-time hustler for a millionaire, two bumbling fishermen hatch a scheme to use him to help pay off their debts. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Creators","tags":"  Fabio Aste, H\u00e9ctor Segura, Sebastian Rosas Two brilliant scientists discover the hidden virtual city of Cre\u00e1polis, where citizens have the power to solve problems by believing and creating. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal","tags":" Vivek Agnihotri John Abraham, Bipasha Basu, Arshad Warsi, Shernaz Patel, Boman Irani, Dibyendu Bhattacharya, Gilbert Montoya, Dalip Tahil, Rajendranath Zutshi In a last-ditch effort, the jaded coach of the Southall United Football Club assembles a ragtag team and helps lead the team to a comeback season. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Dhoondte Reh Jaoge","tags":" Umesh Shukla Paresh Rawal, Kunal Khemu, Sonu Sood, Soha Ali Khan, Johnny Lever, Dilip Joshi, Asrani, Malay Chakrabarty, Razak Khan, Hrishitaa Bhatt An accountant and a producer hatch a scheme to finance a movie, while making every effort to ensure that it flops so they may pocket the difference. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Do Dooni Chaar","tags":" Habib Faisal Rishi Kapoor, Neetu Singh, Aditi Vasudev, Archit Krishna, Akhilendra Mishra, Natasha Rastogi, Manoj Bakshi, Supriya Shukla A struggling math teacher holds down a second job to keep his family afloat. But when he receives a wedding invitation, he's determined to attend. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Edge of Fear","tags":" Bobby Roth Shen Lin, Robert Patrick, Zhu Zhu, Jodi Lyn O'Keefe, Robert Knepper, Amaury Nolasco, Rockmond Dunbar, Andy Mackenzie, Robert Crayton, John Edward Lee, Trent Brya During a wilderness getaway, a gang of sociopathic criminals kidnap a woman and assault her husband, who must summon all his strength to save her. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Edmilson Filho: Notas, Comedy about Relationships","tags":" Halder Gomes Edmilson Filho Brazilian comedian Edmilson Filho walks his audience through the stages of a modern relationship, playing up the differences between men and women. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Follow This","tags":"  John Stanton, Scaachi Koul, Azeen Ghorayshi, Bim Adewunmi, Juliane Loffler, Charlie Warzel Follow the reporters at BuzzFeed as they probe topics ranging from quirky internet crazes to safe injection spaces for opioid users. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Gaddar: the Traitor","tags":" Amitoj Mann Harbhajan Mann, Manpneet Grewal, Ashish Duggal, Girja Shankar, Shavinder Mahal, Rupinder Roopi, Anita Meet, Tarsem Paul, Balkaran Wadding, Bobby Sandhu An Indian man who has become a major business mogul in Canada must return to his homeland where he's reviled due to being wrongly branded a traitor. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Ghanchakkar","tags":" Raj Kumar Gupta Emraan Hashmi, Vidya Balan, Rajesh Sharma, Namit Das, Parvin Dabas Former con artist Sanju surrounds himself with the finer things, a blissful life troubled by only one thing: his wife, who wants even more. comedy,foregin,suspensecomedy,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Grandmaster","tags":" B. Unnikrishnan Mithra Kurian, Anoop Menon, Mohanlal, Narein, Priyamani, Roma, Siddique, Jagathy Sreekumar Anticipating the next move in a serial killer's grisly game, a police chief realizes that his daughter and estranged wife are the next likely victims. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Hattrick","tags":" Milan Luthria Nana Patekar, Paresh Rawal, Kunal Kapoor, Rimi Sen, Danny Denzongpa, Prateeksha Lonkar, Gautam Bhimani, Harsha Bhogle Stories of personal victories coincide with Team India's battle for the Cricket World Cup in this engaging ensemble drama. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Heroine","tags":" Madhur Bhandarkar Kareena Kapoor, Arjun Rampal, Randeep Hooda, Divya Dutta, Govind Namdeo, Sanjay Suri, Mugdha Godse, Shahana Goswami, Ranvir Shorey, Lillete Dubey One woman experiences the dramatic highs and lows of fame in this voyeuristic glimpse past the glitz and glamour of a Bollywood superstar's life. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Himmatwala","tags":" Sajid Khan Ajay Devgn, Tamannaah Bhatia, Paresh Rawal, Zarina Wahab, Mahesh Manjrekar A young man returns to his native village on a mission of vengeance after his father commits suicide in the wake of false accusations. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Husbands in Goa","tags":" Saji Surendran Jayasurya, Indrajith, Asif Ali, Lal, Bhama, Ramya Nambeeshan, Rima Kallingal, Praveena Three professional friends, all husbands living with domineering wives, take a well-deserved vacation in the resort city of Goa. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Jatts in Golmaal","tags":" Ksshitij Chaudhary Arya Babbar, Samiksha Singh, Gurpreet Guggi, Binnu Dhillon, Jaswinder Bhalla, B.N. Sharma, Veena Malik, Sardar Sohi Without fully realizing the consequences, a boy who wants to relocate from India to Canada sells his heart to a gangster in need of a transplant. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Kai Po Che!","tags":" Abhishek Kapoor Rajkummar Rao, Amit Sadh, Sushant Singh Rajput, Amrita Puri, Digvijay Deshmukh, Asif Basra, Manav Kaul, Ashish Kakkad This Bollywood drama tells the story of three best friends who dream of starting a cricket training academy in Ahmedabad for very different reasons. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Kalakalappu","tags":" Sundar C. Vimal, Anjali, Shiva, Oviya, Santhanam, John Vijay, M. Ilavarasu, Manobala Cheenu dreams of resurrecting the restaurant he has inherited to its former glory, but his brother, a compulsive gambler, loses the place to a cop. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Katt Williams: The Pimp Chronicles: Pt. 1","tags":" Gary Binkow Katt Williams, Anthony Anderson In this 2006 show, comic Katt Williams uses his edgy style and personal experiences to paint a sassy, hilarious portrait of life in black America. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Katti Batti","tags":" Nikhil Advani Imran Khan, Kangana Ranaut, Abhishek Saha, Mithila Palkar, Vivan Bhatena, Suhaas Ahuja, Nicole Faria, Adaar Malik After falling in love during college, architect Maddy and free spirit Payal have five wonderful years together, until a mystery suddenly divides them. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Life in a ... Metro","tags":" Anurag Basu Dharmendra, Irrfan Khan, Konkona Sen Sharma, Kay Kay Menon, Shilpa Shetty, Shiney Ahuja, Sharman Joshi, Kangana Ranaut, Nafisa Ali, Manoj Pahwa A group of Mumbai up-and-comers search for love and struggle for success in this ensemble drama that centers on an eager young call-center executive. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Marc Maron: Thinky Pain","tags":" Lance Bangs Marc Maron Alternative comic Marc Maron is back on stage in New York to talk Chinese food, drug abuse, sex in hotel rooms and life with his girlfriend. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mumbai Meri Jaan","tags":" Nishikant Kamat Madhavan, Irrfan Khan, Soha Ali Khan, Paresh Rawal, Kay Kay Menon, Anand Goradia, Vijay Maurya, Vibhavari Deshpande, Santosh Juvekar, Kamlesh Sawant A moving portrayal of the 2006 train bombings in Mumbai, this Indian drama follows the interconnected stories of several strangers. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Mundeyan Ton Bachke Rahin","tags":" Navinder Pal Singh Roshan Prince, Jassi Gill, Simran Kaur Mundi, Bharti Singh, Anshu Sawhney, Hobby Dhaliwal, Sunita Dhir, Minto, Manoj Sabarwal, Sunny Gill When they both fall for the same girl, best pals and shameless womanizers Prince and Jassi go head-to-head to compete for her love. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"No One Killed Jessica","tags":" Raj Kumar Gupta Rani Mukerji, Vidya Balan, Myra Karn, Neil Bhoopalam, Rajesh Sharma, Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub, Bubbles Sabharwal, Satyadeep Misra, Yogendra Tikku, Geeta Sudan This thriller tells the true story of model Jessica Lall \u2013 who was shot dead in a restaurant \u2013 and the campaign to bring her killer to justice. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!","tags":" Dibakar Banerjee Abhay Deol, Paresh Rawal, Neetu Chandra, Archana Puran Singh, Manu Rishi Chadha, Richa Chadda, Anurag Arora, Rajender Sethi, Manjot Singh, Chandan Anand Starting as a petty thief, a man rises to become one of the city's biggest operators and carves out the kind of lifestyle he'd once only dreamed of. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Paan Singh Tomar","tags":" Tigmanshu Dhulia Irrfan Khan, Mahie Gill, Rajendra Gupta, Brijendra Kala, Jahangir Khan, Vipin Sharma, Zakir Hussain Paan Singh Tomar goes from celebrated runner to star brigand and rebel when life after sports fails to unfold as planned. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Raja Natwarlal","tags":" Kunal Deshmukh Emraan Hashmi, Humaima Malik, Paresh Rawal, Kay Kay Menon, Deepak Tijori, Prachi Shah, Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub A small-time con man assembles a team to help him avenge the death of his partner-in-crime at the hands of a powerful gangster. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Satyagraha","tags":" Prakash Jha Kareena Kapoor, Amitabh Bachchan, Ajay Devgn, Arjun Rampal, Amrita Rao, Manoj Bajpayee, Vipin Sharma, Anjali Patil In this Bollywood drama, a corporate go-getter sees his priorities shift when personal tragedy brings him face-to-face with political corruption. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Settai","tags":" R. Kannan Arya, Anjali, Hansika Motwani, Santhanam, Premgi Amaren, Nasser Asked to deliver a package for a friend, Madhu gets her fianc\u00e9, Jayaganthan, to take care of it, and he then passes the task to one of his roommates. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Sigaram Thodu","tags":" Gaurav Narayanan Vikram Prabhu, Sathyaraj, Monal Gajjar, Sathish, Erode Mahesh, Gaurav Narayanan A policeman's son overcomes his reluctance to join the force following a brutal attack on his father and ends up in the middle of a robbery case. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Sommore: The Reign Continues","tags":" Kevin Layne Sommore Self-proclaimed \"Queen of Comedy\" Sommore storms the stage to deliver a riotous stand-up performance in Charlotte, North Carolina. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Untold Tales of Armistead Maupin","tags":" Jennifer M. Kroot Armistead Maupin, Neil Gaiman, Laura Linney, Ian McKellen, Amy Tan, Margaret Cho, Jonathan Groff, Amanda Palmer This documentary traces the life of \"Tales of the City\" author Armistead Maupin, from his conservative roots to his rise as an LGBTQ champion. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Vaya","tags":" Akin Omotoso Mncedisi Shabangu, Sihle Xaba, Sibusiso Msimang, Zimkhitha Nyoka, Warren Masemola, Nomonde Mbusi, Azwile Chamane, Harriet Lenabe Three youths from rural South Africa set out for Johannesburg, where they're thrust into the seedy underbelly of the city and must fight to survive. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Welcome to Sajjanpur","tags":" Shyam Benegal Shreyas Talpade, Amrita Rao, Ravi Kishan, Ila Arun, Rajeshwari Sachdev, Divya Dutta, Yashpal Sharma, Ravi Jhankal, Lalit Mohan Tiwari An educated man assists the illiterate residents of his village with written correspondence, sometimes manipulating the letters to suit his interests. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Yeh Hai Bakrapur","tags":"  Amit Sial, Yoshika Verma, Anshuman Jha, Asif Basra, Suruchi Aulakh A poor family\u2019s goat suddenly acquires divine status, sparking a widespread frenzy as everyone clamors to benefit from its unexpected celebrity. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Zokkomon","tags":" Satyajit Bhatkal Darsheel Safary, Anupam Kher, Manjari Fadnis, Tinnu Anand, Sheeba Chaddha, S.M. Zaheer, Aayam Mehta, Gargi Datar, Jai Vyas When his cruel uncle abandons him, a young orphan learns to access the untapped superpowers that have been waiting within him all along. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Gun City","tags":" Dani de la Torre Luis Tosar, Michelle Jenner, Vicente Romero, Manolo Solo, Paco Tous, Adriana Torrebejano, Pep Tosar, Jaime Lorente, Ernesto Alterio, Fernando Cayo In 1921 Barcelona, amid unrest between anarchists and the police, a cop plays both sides to learn who stole army weapons that could ignite a civil war. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Heneral Luna","tags":" Jerrold Tarog John Arcilla, Mon Confiado, Arron Villaflor, Joem Bascon, Archie Alemania, Art Acu\u00f1a, Alex Medina, Nonie Buencamino, Lorenz Martinez, Jeffrey Quizon, Alvin Anson, Mylene Dizon, Bing Pimentel, Leo Martinez, Ketchup Eusebio, Ronnie Lazaro, Paulo Avelino Flashbacks reveal Gen. Antonio Luna's tireless fight for Filipino independence from the U.S. and his leadership in the Philippine-American War in 1899. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Fate\/EXTRA Last Encore","tags":"  Atsushi Abe, Sakura Tange, Kana Ueda, Hiroshi Kamiya, Noriko Shitaya, Kohsuke Toriumi, Urara Takano, Ai Nonaka, Kunihiko Yasui, Takahiro Mizushima Hakuno Kishinami finds himself in the midst of a Holy Grail war with no memories of how he got there. Through his confusion, he must fight to survive. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Dragon Tiger Gate","tags":" Wilson Yip Donnie Yen, Nicholas Tse, Shawn Yue, Dong Jie, Li Xiaoran, Yuen Wah, Chen Kuan Tai, Xing Yu, Vincent Sze, Tommy Yuen Dragon and his fellow students at Dragon Tiger Gate martial arts school team up to battle the ferocious villain Shibumi. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Dovlatov","tags":" Aleksey German Milan Maric, Danila Kozlovsky, Helena Sujecka, Artur Beschastny, Anton Shagin, Svetlana Khodchenkova, Elena Lyadova, Piotr Gasowski, Eva Gerr, Hanna Sleszynska Over six days in 1971, brilliant writer Sergei Dovlatov encounters maddening barriers to publishing his work under the repressive Soviet regime. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Jefe","tags":" Sergio Barrej\u00f3n Luis Callejo, Juana Acosta, Carlo D'Ursi, Josean Bengoetxea, B\u00e1rbara Santa-Cruz, Maica Barroso, Adam Jezierski, Sergio Quintana A rude, self-centered businessman seems to be on the brink of losing everything until a night janitor at his office helps him find redemption. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Santo Cach\u00f3n","tags":"   A man whose wife is repeatedly cheating on him turns to his friends for support in this wacky comedy. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Shirkers","tags":" Sandi Tan  In 1992, Sandi Tan and her friends shot a quirky film on the streets of Singapore. Then the footage disappeared, sending her on a hunt for answers. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Terrorism Close Calls","tags":"   Law enforcement officials look back on attempted terrorist attacks that were thwarted in the nick of time. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"W\/O Ram","tags":" Vijay Yelakanti Lakshmi Manchu, Aadarsh Balakrishna, Priyadarshi Pullikonda, Samrat Reddy, Shrikanth Iyyangar, Shrusti Dange Frustrated with the stalled investigation into her husband's murder, a woman searches for the killer on her own, putting herself in grave danger. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"DreamWorks Spooky Stories","tags":"  Antonio Banderas, Hugh Laurie, Mike Myers, Reese Witherspoon, Seth Rogen, Kristen Schaal, Dean Edwards Shrek dares his friends to bring on the scary with ghost stories told in a haunted castle. Later, Ginormica and the Monsters face alien pumpkins. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Great News","tags":"  Briga Heelan, Andrea Martin, Adam Campbell, John Michael Higgins, Horatio Sanz, Nicole Richie A TV news producer's ambitions take an awkward turn when her mother rejoins the workforce and snags a job as the station's newest intern. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ronnie Coleman: The King","tags":" Vlad Yudin Ronnie Coleman Today, legendary bodybuilder Ronnie Coleman's body bears the scars of becoming the best in the world. Here, he shares what it took to reach his goals. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"ADAM SANDLER 100% FRESH","tags":" Steve Brill Adam Sandler From \"Heroes\" to \"Ice Cream Ladies\" \u2013 Adam Sandler's comedy special hits you with new songs and jokes in an unexpected, groundbreaking way. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Here to Heart","tags":"  Janine Chun-Ning Chang, Hans Zhang Wen Nuan signs on to work as the executive assistant to ex Zhan Nanxian at his tech firm. Helping him at work just may lead her back into his heart. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Scorpion King 5: Book of Souls","tags":" Don Michael Paul Zach McGowan, Pearl Thusi, Nathan Jones, Peter Mensah, Katy Louise Saunders, Mayling Ng, Howard Charles, Inge Beckmann The Scorpion King joins forces with a Nubian princess in an all-or-nothing fight to stop a warlord from claiming the souls of the vanquished. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Hollywood Masters","tags":"   Top Hollywood stars and directors open up about their dreams, struggles and lifelong obsessions in interviews filmed in front of a live audience. comedycomedy"},{"title":"How to Get Over a Breakup","tags":" Joanna Lombardi, Bruno Ascenzo Gisela Ponce de Le\u00f3n, Karina Jord\u00e1n, Jely Re\u00e1tegui, Andr\u00e9s Salas, Christopher Von Uckermann, Carlos Carl\u00edn A heartbroken ad copywriter living in Lima, Peru, is inspired to write a blog about life as a single woman and is surprised by her website's success. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Accidentally in Love","tags":"  Junchen Guo, Yi Ning Sun, Yi Qin Zhao, Mu Xuan Cheng, Li Ma, Mo Zhou Rejecting the demands of her wealthy family, a young woman poses as an ordinary college student and crosses paths with a stoic pop star at school. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Ask the Doctor","tags":"  Shalin Naik, Renee Lim, Sandro Demaio From allergies to diet to sleep, three friendly doctors share expert advice, bust medical myths and test the latest treatments. documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"Best.Worst.Weekend.Ever.","tags":"  Sam Ashe Arnold, Cole Sand, Brianna Reed, Brittany Garms, Alison Becker, Larry Bates, Tiffany Espensen, Rachel Gage, Matt Battaglia, Affion Crockett Teenage friends plan an epic trip to Comic-Con to meet their idol, only to get caught in one hilariously awkward predicament after another. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Gnome Alone","tags":" Peter Lepeniotis Becky G., Josh Peck, Tara Strong, Olivia Holt, David Koechner, Jeff Dunham, Patrick Stump, Nash Grier, Madison De La Garza, George Lopez After moving into a new house with her mom, high schooler Chloe discovers a troupe of talking garden gnomes who need her help saving the world. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Illang: The Wolf Brigade","tags":" Kim Jee-woon Gang Dong-won, Han Hyo-joo, Jung Woo-sung, Kim Mu-yeol, Han Ye-ri, Choi Min-ho, Shin Eun-soo, Kim Beop-rae, Lee Dong-ha, Jung Won-joong, Choi Jin-ho In 2029, the elite police squad Illang combats a terrorist group opposing reunification of the two Koreas. But another enemy may be lurking nearby. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Making a Murderer","tags":"   Filmed over 10 years, this real-life thriller follows a DNA exoneree who, while exposing police corruption, becomes a suspect in a grisly new crime. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Marvel's Daredevil","tags":"  Charlie Cox, Deborah Ann Woll, Elden Henson, Rosario Dawson, Vincent D'Onofrio, Jon Bernthal, Elodie Yung, Scott Glenn, Stephen Rider, Vondie Curtis-Hall, Ayelet Zurer, Toby Leonard Moore, Bob Gunton Blinded as a young boy, Matt Murdock fights injustice by day as a lawyer and by night as the Super Hero Daredevil in Hell's Kitchen, New York City. action,actionaction,action"},{"title":"Naa Bangaaru Talli","tags":" Rajesh Touchriver Siddique, Anjali Patil, Lakshmi Menon, Nina Kurup, Rathna Shekar Reddy, Anoop Aravindan A father leading a dark double life and his daughter, who's eager to pursue her studies in Hyderabad, face the tragic consequences of sex trafficking. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Project S The Series","tags":"  Wiwattanawarang Oabnithi, Mahayotaruk Thiti, Lerkcharoempoj Papangkorn, Imanothai Kawin, Sakuljaroensuk Apinya, Oat Pasakorn Sanrattana, Leeratanakajorn Thanapob, Skye Nateeton Wongrawee, Supapunpinyo Teeradon, Chansangavej Chayanit, Ketprapakorn Narikun, Pibunsonggram Kritsanapoom, Santinatornkul Chanon Sports and friendship intertwine in tales of a volleyball team, an autistic badminton player, a skateboarder with depression and an archery-club crush. foregin,drama,showforegin,drama,show"},{"title":"S Storm","tags":" David Lam Louis Koo, Julian Cheung, Vic Chou, Ada Choi, Bowie Lam, Dada Chan, Janelle Sing, Lo Hoi-pang Anti-corruption investigator William Luk must join forces with detective Lau Po-keung to bring down a crime syndicate involved in sports betting. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"The Night Comes for Us","tags":" Timo Tjahjanto Joe Taslim, Iko Uwais, Asha Kenyeri Bermudez, Sunny Pang, Salvita Decorte, Abimana Aryasatya, Zack Lee, Dimas Anggara, Julie Estelle, Dian Sastrowardoyo After sparing a girl's life during a massacre, an elite Triad assassin is targeted by an onslaught of murderous gangsters. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Wanderlust","tags":"  Toni Collette, Steven Mackintosh, Zawe Ashton, Joe Hurst, Emma D'Arcy, Celeste Dring, William Ash, Royce Pierreson, Jeremy Swift, Anastasia Hille, Isis Hainsworth, Sophie Okonedo Unable to revive their fading sex life after many years of marriage, a therapist and her husband decide to start dating other people. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mr. Chandramouli","tags":" Thiru Karthik, Gautam Karthik, Regina Cassandra, Varalakshmi Sarathkumar, Santhosh Prathap, Mime Gopi, J. Mahendran, Viji Chandrasekhar When the lives of a carefree boxer and his cabdriver dad collide with the ambitions of a ruthless businessman, a search for answers turns to revenge. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"My Babysitter's a Vampire","tags":"  Matthew Knight, Vanessa Morgan, Atticus Mitchell, Cameron Kennedy, Kate Todd, Ari Cohen Ethan, Benny and fledgling vampire Sarah battle zombies, demons and the other supernatural beasties that regularly threaten their school. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Rake","tags":"  Richard Roxburgh, Matt Day, Adrienne Pickering, Russell Dykstra, Danielle Cormack, Caroline Brazier, Geoff Morrell, Kate Box, Keegan Joyce, Damien Garvey While Cleaver Greene is a brilliant and driven attorney, he's also an ex-druggie, a current gambling addict and loathed by many of his colleagues. action,foregin,comedyaction,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Ron White: If You Quit Listening, I'll Shut Up","tags":" Tom Forrest Ron White Ron \u201cTater Salad\u201d White dishes out his signature brand of cynicism, riffing on sex, celebrity and the sinister habits of wild geese. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Meghnadbodh Rohoshyo","tags":" Anik Datta Barun Chanda, Sabyasachi Chakraborty A professor mysteriously vanishes, leaving behind a host of suspects, a shadowy history and a clue: the anonymous birthday gift of a Bengali classic. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Sanju","tags":" Rajkumar Hirani Ranbir Kapoor, Vicky Kaushal, Paresh Rawal, Sonam Kapoor, Dia Mirza, Jim Sarbh, Anushka Sharma, Manisha Koirala, Boman Irani From the depths of addiction to the heights of stardom to underworld entanglements, this biopic traces the checkered past of Indian actor Sanjay Dutt. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Stunt Science","tags":"   When it comes to daring stunts and outrageous pranks, we often wonder: What were they thinking? This high-octane series tries to find some answers. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Soorma","tags":" Shaad Ali Diljit Dosanjh, Tapsee Pannu, Angad Bedi, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Satish Kaushik, Vijay Raaz, Seema Kaushal, Mahabir Bhullar, Alka Badola Kaushal, Jimmy Moses This biopic on former Indian field hockey player Sandeep Singh follows the athlete\u2019s hard-fought comeback after an accidental gunshot left him paralyzed. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Apostle","tags":" Gareth Evans Dan Stevens, Lucy Boynton, Michael Sheen, Mark Lewis Jones, Bill Milner, Kristine Froseth, Paul Higgins, Richard Elfyn, Elen Rhys, Ross O'Hennessy In 1905, a drifter on a dangerous mission to rescue his kidnapped sister tangles with a sinister religious cult on an isolated island. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Errementari: The Blacksmith and the Devil","tags":" Paul Urkijo Alijo Kandido Uranga, Uma Bracaglia, Eneko Sagardoy, Ram\u00f3n Agirre, Josean Bengoetxea, Gotzon S\u00e1nchez, Jos\u00e9 Ram\u00f3n Argoitia, Gorka Aguinagalde, I\u00f1igo de la Iglesia, Aitor Urtzelai A brutal blacksmith tortures a demon he blames for his misery, unaware a trespassing orphan is about to change everything. Based on Basque folklore. suspense,foregin,fantasysuspense,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Feminists: What Were They Thinking?","tags":" Johanna Demetrakas  Revisiting 1970s photos of women that captured a feminist awakening, this film explores those women's lives and examines the continued need for change. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Kuntilanak","tags":" Rizal Mantovani Sandrinna M Skornicki, Aur\u00e9lie Moeremans, Fero Walandouw, Andryan Bima, Ciara Nadine Brosnan, Ali Fikry, Adlu Fahrezy, Nena Rosier, Naufal Ho, Aqi Singgih Five youngsters discover that an antique mirror found in their orphanage is home to an evil ghost who kidnaps children and imprisons them inside it. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"ReMastered: Who Shot the Sheriff","tags":" Kief Davidson  In 1976, reggae icon Bob Marley survived an assassination attempt as rival political groups battled in Jamaica. But who exactly was responsible? documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"The Curious Creations of Christine McConnell","tags":"  Christine McConnell, Colleen Smith, Adam Mayfield, Michael Oosterom, Drew Massey, Mick Ignis, Tim Lagasse, Dita von Teese, Steven M. Porter, Elko Weaver Wickedly talented baker and artist Christine McConnell fills her home with haunting confections, creepy crafts \u2013 and wildly inappropriate creatures. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"The Haunting of Hill House","tags":"  Michiel Huisman, Carla Gugino, Timothy Hutton, Henry Thomas, Elizabeth Reaser, Oliver Jackson-Cohen, Kate Siegel, Victoria Pedretti, Lulu Wilson, Mckenna Grace, Paxton Singleton, Julian Hilliard, Violet McGraw Flashing between past and present, a fractured family confronts haunting memories of their old home and the terrifying events that drove them from it. drama,suspense,suspensedrama,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Kindergarten Teacher","tags":" Sara Colangelo Maggie Gyllenhaal, Parker Sevak, Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal, Michael Chernus, Anna Baryshnikov, Rosa Salazar, Ajay Naidu A devoted teacher takes interest in a young student's creative potential after hearing his poetry. But she soon crosses the line into obsession. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"22 July","tags":" Paul Greengrass Anders Danielsen Lie, Jon \u00d8igarden, Jonas Strand Gravli, Ola G. Furuseth, Maria Bock, Thorbj\u00f8rn Harr, Jaden Smith After devastating terror attacks in Norway, a young survivor, grieving families and the country rally for justice and healing. Based on a true story. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Blood Pact","tags":"  Guilherme Fontes, Ravel Cabral, Jonathan Haagensen, Andr\u00e9 Ramiro, Adriano Garib, Mel Lisboa, Cristina Lago An ambitious TV reporter uses risky and ethically questionable methods to report on gang wars and police corruption in the Amazon port of Bel\u00e9m, Brazil. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Tales From the Hood 2","tags":" Rusty Cundieff, Darin Scott Keith David, Bryan Batt, Alexandria Deberry, Bill Martin Williams, Martin Bats Bradford, Kendrick Cross, Jasmine Akakpo, Kedrick Brown Buckle up for an anthology of socially conscious horror stories that focus on the perils of racial injustice and the price of ignorance. classic,suspense,foreginclassic,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Mo Amer: The Vagabond","tags":" Stan Lathan Mo Amer Arab-American comedian Mo Amer recounts his life as a refugee comic, from traveling with the name Mohammed to his long path to citizenship. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Pulang","tags":" Kabir Bhatia Puteri Aishah, Remy Ishak, Alvin Wong Thom tells her grandson about his grandfather, a sailor who left 61 years ago to seek his fortune, and asks him to find out what happened to her spouse. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Sofia the First","tags":"  Ariel Winter, Darcy Rose Byrnes, Sara Ramirez, Tim Gunn, Coco Grayson, Travis Willingham, Wayne Brady, Jess Harnell, Meghan Strange, Zach Callison When her commoner mother marries the king, average-girl Sofia finds that being a real princess isn't all it's cracked up to be. familyfamily"},{"title":"Seven in Heaven","tags":" Chris Eigeman Travis Tope, Haley Ramm, Jacinda Barrett, Gary Cole, Dylan Everett, Clark Backo, Vinson Tran, Paulino Nunes, Jeff Clarke Two teenagers step into a secret closet and emerge in a terrifying alternate reality. They must find their way back before the door shuts forever. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Empire Games","tags":"  Jim O'Brien Interviews with scholars and dramatic reenactments bring to life the origins and history-making achievements of the world's greatest ancient empires. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"LOST SONG","tags":"  Konomi Suzuki, Yukari Tamura, Misaki Kuno, Chiaki Takahashi, Seiichiro Yamashita, Asami Seto, Yu Serizawa, Ai Kayano, Tsuyoshi Koyama, Yuto Suzuki, Mitsuru Ogata, Hiroshi Ito War looms over the kingdom of Neunatia, where two young women are both burdened and blessed by the power of song. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Malevolent","tags":" Olaf de Fleur Florence Pugh, Ben Lloyd-Hughes, Celia Imrie, James Cosmo, Scott Chambers, Georgina Bevan A brother-sister team who fake paranormal encounters for cash get more than they bargained for when a job at a haunted estate turns very, very real. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Private Life","tags":" Tamara Jenkins Paul Giamatti, Kathryn Hahn, Kayli Carter, Molly Shannon, John Carroll Lynch, Denis O'Hare, Desmin Borges, Tracee Chimo, Siobhan Fallon Hogan, Emily Robinson Struggling to conceive, a couple in their 40s are almost out of options \u2013 until a sliver of hope arrives in the form of their visiting step-niece. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"YG Future Strategy Office","tags":"  Seungri, Yoo Byung Jae, Lee Jai-jin, Jinu, Son Se-bin, Kim Ga-eun, Park Choong-hwan, Baek Yeong-gwang, Choi Sin-deuk K-pop star Seungri, BIGBANG's youngest member, tries to lead a team of bumbling staff at YG's Future Strategy Office in this mockumentary sitcom. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"The Black Prince","tags":" Kavi Raz Satinder Sartaaj, Shabana Azmi, Jason Flemyng, Amanda Root, Rup Magon, Sophie Stevens, Keith Duffy, David Essex, Leanne Joyce, Ranjit Singh Shubh After being exiled to England as a child, a Punjabi prince struggles to return to his homeland and his Sikh faith in this historical drama. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Truth or Dare","tags":" Nick Simon Cassandra Scerbo, Brytni Sarpy, Mason Dye, Harvey Guillen, Luke Baines, Ricardo Hoyos, Alexxis Lemire, Christina Masterson, Heather Langenkamp A game of \"Truth or Dare\" among college friends on spring break turns deadly when a demon seems determined to use it to kill them all. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Death Race: Beyond Anarchy","tags":" Don Michael Paul Zach McGowan, Danny Glover, Frederick Koehler, Danny Trejo, Christine Marzano, Cassie Clare, Yennis Cheung, Lucy Aarden An ex-racecar driver is sent to a barbaric prison where, to get pardoned, he must defeat the inmate known as Frankenstein in a lethal \"Death Race.\" actionaction"},{"title":"Eric ldle's What About Dick?","tags":" Eric Idle, Aubrey Powell Russell Brand, Billy Connolly, Tim Curry, Eric Idle, Eddie Izzard, Jane Leeves, Jim Piddock, Tracey Ullman, Sophie Winkleman In a madcap stage play from Monty Python icon Eric Idle, comic greats perform the decline and fall of the British Empire ... as told through a piano. comedy,musiccomedy,music"},{"title":"Monty Python Best Bits (mostly)","tags":"  Hugh Bonneville, Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin Prominent comedians pay tribute to Monty Python's best work in this five-part series, along with selected clips of sketches. foregin,documental,comedyforegin,documental,comedy"},{"title":"Monty Python Live (Mostly): One Down, Five to Go","tags":" Eric Idle John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin Live from London in a sold-out final show, surviving members of the British comedy troupe reprise old roles and break out in irreverent song and dance. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Monty Python: Before the Flying Circus","tags":" Will Yapp Graham Chapman, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese Discover how six seemingly ordinary but supremely talented men became Monty Python, sketch comedy's revolutionary comedy troupe. comedy,documentalcomedy,documental"},{"title":"Monty Python: Live at Aspen","tags":"  Robert Klein, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin, Graham Chapman, Eddie Izzard The members of Monty Python reunite on stage to talk about making their iconic show that changed sketch comedy forever. comedy,documentalcomedy,documental"},{"title":"Monty Python: Live at The Hollywood Bowl","tags":" Terry Hughes, Ian MacNaughton Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin, Neil Innes, Carol Cleveland Film clips and Terry Gilliam animations feature in this live-to-tape performance of greatest hits, including \"Travel Agent\" and \"Solo Wrestling.\" comedycomedy"},{"title":"Monty Python: The Meaning of Live","tags":" Roger Graef, James Rogan John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin, Mike Myers, Graham Chapman, Stephen Hawking From heyday to curtain call, this documentary offers a rare glimpse of the legendary Monty Python troupe as it stages live shows after a long hiatus. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Monty Python's Almost the Truth","tags":"  Graham Chapman, Eric Idle, John Cleese, Michael Palin, Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones The legacy of comedy group Monty Python, whose irreverent brand of humor has tickled the ribs of millions, is explored in this documentary. foregin,documentalforegin,documental"},{"title":"Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus","tags":"  Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin, Connie Booth The Pythons elevate the absurd to new heights and bring their sketches to German TV, working in phonetic German, at times with an Australian accent. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Monty Python's Flying Circus","tags":"  John Cleese, Graham Chapman, Terry Jones, Eric Idle, Michael Palin, Terry Gilliam The Monty Python players make their mark with a winning mix of wit, ingenuity and brilliant timing \u2013 and a penchant for mockery and cross-dressing. foregin,classic,foreginforegin,classic,foregin"},{"title":"Monty Python's Life of Brian","tags":" Terry Jones Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin, Terence Bayler, Carol Cleveland Born in a stable in Judea, Brian grows up to join a group of anti-Roman zealots, but his fate keeps getting confused with that of a certain carpenter. classic,comedy,classicclassic,comedy,classic"},{"title":"Monty Python's Personal Best","tags":"  John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones, Graham Chapman, Michael Palin, Eric Idle Original members of the iconic Monty Python comedy troupe pick their all-time favorite sketches from their groundbreaking television series. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Parrot Sketch Not Included: Twenty Years of Monty Python","tags":" Ian MacNaughton Steve Martin, John Cleese, Graham Chapman, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin, Carol Cleveland, Connie Booth Presented by Steve Martin, this anthology draws from \u201cFlying Circus\u201d and \u201cFliegender Zirkus\u201d to mark the 20th anniversary of the TV series. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Meaning of Monty Python","tags":" Albert Sharpe  Five Pythons reflect on their creative process, politics, television and the making of their award-winning final film, \"The Meaning of Life.\" documentaldocumental"},{"title":"25 Kille","tags":" Simranjit Singh Hundal Guggu Gill, Yograj Singh, Sonia Mann, Jimmy Sharma, Sapna Bassi, Lakha Lakhwinder Singh, Sandeep Kaur Sandy, Sardar Sohi Four brothers learn that they have inherited ancestral land, but must fight to claim it when a greedy feudal lord threatens to take it over. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"A Witches' Ball","tags":" Justin G. Dyck Morgan Neundorf, Karen Slater, Loukia Ioannou, Will Ennis, Renee Stein, Keith Cooper, Paul Mason, Lisa Scenna, Ashley Rogan Beatrix can't wait to be inducted as a witch, but an unfortunate incident threatens to take her pending title away if she doesn't act fast. familyfamily"},{"title":"Agyaat","tags":" Ram Gopal Varma Adesh Bhardwaj, Rasika Dugal, Joy Fernandes, Ravi Kale, Ishtiyak Khan, Priyanka Kothari, Kali Prasad Mukherjee, Nitin Reddy, Gautam Rode, Howard Rosemeyer A film crew shooting in a remote forested location begins losing members one by one to a mysterious entity that they cannot see or hear. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Anjaan","tags":" N. Linguswamy Suriya, Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Vidyut Jammwal, Manoj Bajpayee, Soori Mild-mannered Krishna comes to Mumbai to search for his gang-leader brother, and quickly finds himself in way over his head. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bathinda Express","tags":" Deep Joshi Deep Joshi, Jasmine Kaur, Mohit Bhaskar, Vijay S. Kumar, Prince Kanwaljit Singh, Tarlochan Singh, Harsh Sethi An ambitious young athlete endeavors to revive his floundering running career after falling prey to negative influences. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Delhi 6","tags":" Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra Abhishek Bachchan, Sonam Kapoor, Waheeda Rehman, Om Puri, Prem Chopra, Atul Kulkarni, Pavan Malhotra, Divya Dutta, Deepak Dobriyal, Sheeba Chaddha In the ancient walled city of Delhi, an American-born Indian finds himself on an unexpected inner journey as he learns about himself and his roots. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Dev.D","tags":" Anurag Kashyap Abhay Deol, Mahie Gill, Kalki Koechlin, Sindbad Phgura, Ammo 'Too Sweet', Jimi the Quiff, Parakh Madan Because they come from different castes, the son of a tax collector and his true love are not allowed to marry, sending them down divergent paths. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Dil Vil Pyaar Vyaar","tags":" Manjeet Maan Gurdas Maan, Neeru Bajwa, Jassi Gill, Rajiv Thakur, Khushdeed Maan, Manav Vij, Raj Jhinger, Shruti Sodhi, Meher Vij Agam Singh's brothers mean everything to him, so while he promises not to marry, he tries to get them to marry \u2013 but they want him to marry first. foregin,music,romanceforegin,music,romance"},{"title":"Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu","tags":" Shakun Batra Kareena Kapoor, Imran Khan, Boman Irani, Ram Kapoor, Ratna Pathak Shah, Zenobia Shroff, Soniya Mehra, Akshat Verma, Dana Lewis, Rajesh Khattar Bollywood stars Imran Khan and Kareena Kapoor pair up to play exceptionally dissimilar lovers in this lighthearted romantic comedy. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Haani","tags":" Amitoj Mann Sarabjit Cheema, Mahreen Kaleka, Harbhajan Mann, Anuj Sachdeva, Rupan Bal, Sonia Mann When a man discovers that he can communicate with his grandfather's spirit, it leads to two love stories intertwining 50 years apart. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Happy Go Lucky","tags":" Amarpreet G S Chabbra Amrinder Gill, Harish Verma, Sumeet Sandhu, Gurpreet Guggi, B.N. Sharma, Praneet Bhatt, Kuldeep Sharma Three sisters seem to be ideal brides for three brothers. But when the girls' father won't allow the marriages, the boys use trickery to pull it off. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Harishchandrachi Factory","tags":" Paresh Mokashi Nandu Madhav, Vibhawari Deshpande, Ambarish Deshpande, Mohit Gokhale, Dilip Joglekar, Dheeresh Joshi, Ketan Karande, Atharva Karve, Mayur Khandge, Sandip Pathak Against a backdrop of burgeoning social unrest, a neophyte filmmaker makes history in 1913 as the director of India's first feature-length film. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Hot Date","tags":"  Emily Axford, Brian Murphy Interconnected sketches and performances skewer the madness and misunderstandings of modern relationships. romance,comedyromance,comedy"},{"title":"Jagga Jasoos","tags":" Anurag Basu Ranbir Kapoor, Katrina Kaif, Saurabh Shukla, Saswata Chatterjee, Rajatabha Dutta, Saravajeet Tiwari An eccentric, self-proclaimed detective goes on an action-packed hunt for his missing father, with an awkward but adventurous journalist by his side. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Jatt James Bond","tags":" Rohit Jugraj Gippy Grewal, Gurpreet Guggi, Zarine Khan Shinda loves Laali but can't have her, so he and his friends come up with an elaborate plan to solve all their problems and win her. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Jodhaa Akbar","tags":" Ashutosh Gowariker Hrithik Roshan, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Sonu Sood, Poonam Sinha, Suhasini Mulay, Ila Arun, Raza Murad, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Abeer Abrar In 16th-century India, what begins as a strategic alliance between a Mughal emperor and a Hindu princess becomes a genuine opportunity for true love. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Judge Singh LLB","tags":" Atharv Baluja Ravinder Grewal, B.N. Sharma, Sardar Sohi, Chandan Prabhakar, Anita Devgan, Harpal Singh, Hardeep Gill, Surbhi Mahendru Framed by a politician for committing murder, a lower-class boy hires the only counsel he can afford: a lawyer with no courtroom experience. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kaminey","tags":" Vishal Bhardwaj Shahid Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, Deb Mukherjee, Shivkumar Subramaniam, Chandan Roy Sanyal, Hrishikesh Joshi, Amole Gupte, Patricia Bull, Carlos Paca, Eric Santos A young man pursues his dreams of wealth by breaking the law, while his twin brother tries to better his life through hard work and honesty. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Khido Khundi","tags":" Rohit Jugraj Ranjit Bawa, Mandy Takhar, Manav Vij, Elnaaz Norouzi, Mahavir Bhullar, Guggu Gill, Seema Kaushal, Sukhbir Singh An embittered former hockey star must engage with the sport again to help his brother assemble a team for a momentous match against the British. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Khoobsurat","tags":" Shashanka Ghosh Sonam Kapoor, Fawad Khan, Kiron Kher, Ratna Pathak Shah, Amir Raza Hussain, Ashok Banthia, Kaizaad Kotwal, Rishabh Chaddha A free-spirited doctor is hired to assist an injured king and winds up challenging his family's tradition-bound lifestyle as she falls for his son. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Kisaan","tags":" Puneet Sira Jackie Shroff, Arbaaz Khan, Sohail Khan, Diya Mirza, Nauheed Cyrusi, Sharat Saxena, Dalip Tahil, Vishwajeet Pradhan, Sarfaraz Khan A bitter family battle ensues between a father and his sons when a businessman makes a deal that entices farmers to sell off their properties. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kismat Konnection","tags":" Aziz Mirza Shahid Kapoor, Vidya Balan, Juhi Chawla, Om Puri, Vishal Malhotra, Karanvir Bohra, Amit Varma A man finds his lucky charm in the form of a woman whom he had once clashed with on every level, but on whose presence he must now rely to succeed. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kurbaan","tags":" Renzil D'Silva Kareena Kapoor, Saif Ali Khan, Om Puri, Diya Mirza, Vivek Oberoi, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Kiron Kher, Rupinder Nagra, Nauheed Cyrusi When a young Indian couple moves to the American suburbs, they are shocked to discover that they've become enmeshed in a secret terrorist plot. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Lock","tags":" Smeep Kang Gippy Grewal, Gurpreet Guggi, Smeep Kang, Geeta Basra, Karamjit Anmol, Harpal Singh, Vikram Grover, Priyanka Sharma A disillusioned rickshaw driver in Punjab dreams of moving to Dubai, but his plan to butter up his would-be benefactor goes horribly wrong. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana","tags":" Sameer Sharma Kunal Kapoor, Huma Qureshi, Rajesh Sharma, Vipin Sharma, Dolly Ahluwalia, Vinod Nagpal, Rahul Bagga, Rajendra Sethi, Munish Makhija, Herry Tangri Fleeing London to evade a gangland debt collector, Omi Khurana returns to his native village in India, passing himself off as a successful lawyer. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Main, Meri Patni Aur Woh","tags":" Chandan Arora Rajpal Yadav, Rituparna Sengupta, Kay Kay Menon, Varun Bandola, Vinod Nagpal, Naseeruddin Shah An ordinary-looking guy weds the woman of his dreams, but his jealousy threatens to destroy their union in this lighthearted tale of marital mismatch. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Manje Bistre","tags":" Baljit Singh Deo Gippy Grewal, Sonam Bajwa, Karamjit Anmol, Jaggi Singh, B.N. Sharma, Hobby Dhaliwal, Rana Ranbir, Sardar Sohi, Anita Devgan, Harby Sangha While prepping for a family wedding, a young man falls for his sister\u2019s friend, who has already been promised to someone else. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Motor Mitraan Di","tags":" Amitoj Mann Gurpreet Guggi, Happy Raikoti, Vikram Singh, Sonia Mann, Yograj Singh, Sardar Sohi, Harsharan Singh, Anita Meet, Prakash Gadhu, Gurmeet Sajan When three brothers unwittingly get entangled in a murder associated with a fraudulent ashram leader, they set out to expose him to society as a fake. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Mugamoodi","tags":" Mysskin Jiiva, Pooja Hegde, Narain, Nasser, Girish Karnad, Anupama Kumar, Selvaah A martial arts specialist accidentally becomes a superhero when he steps in \u2013 in costume \u2013 to help the cops catch a criminal. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Muran","tags":" Rajan Madhav Prasanna, Cheran, Haripriya, Nikhita, Suma Bhattacharya, Jayaprakash When jingle composer Nanda's car breaks down on his way to Chennai, he hitchhikes there with Arjun, who tries to rope Nanda into a shady deal. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"My Friend Pinto","tags":" Raaghav Dar Prateik, Kalki Koechlin, Arjun Mathur, Shruti Seth, Makrand Deshpande, Divya Dutta, Rajendranath Zutshi, Amin Hajee, Karim Hajee, Shakeel Khan A bright-eyed villager comes face-to-face with the gritty realities of modern-day Mumbai when he sets out to find his childhood friend. comedy,foregin,fantasycomedy,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Forgotten Friendship","tags":" Ishi Rudell Ashleigh Ball, Andrea Libman, Rebecca Shoichet, Tabitha St. Germain, Tara Strong, Nicole Oliver School yearbook editor Sunset Shimmer has suddenly been erased from the memories of her best friends and must find out how to fix this. familyfamily"},{"title":"My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Rollercoaster of Friendship","tags":" Ishi Rudell Ashleigh Ball, Andrea Libman, Rebecca Shoichet, Tabitha St. Germain, Tara Strong, Tegan Moss Rarity gets a summer job at Equestria Land, making Applejack feel jealous. But when their friends start vanishing, they must work together to find them. familyfamily"},{"title":"My Suicide","tags":" David Lee Miller Gabriel Sunday, David Carradine, Mariel Hemingway, Brooke Nevin, Nora Dunn, Michael Welch, Zachary Ray Sherman, Vanessa Lengies, Tony Hale, Joe Mantegna After declaring that he's going to film himself committing suicide for a school project, Archie videotapes reactions from friends and family. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Naan Sigappu Manithan","tags":" Thiru Vishal, Lakshmi Menon, Saranya Ponvannan, Jayaprakash, Sunder Ramu, Jagan, Iniya, Chetan Cheenu After his sleeping disorder hinders him from protecting his girlfriend, a man sets out to take revenge on the thugs who attacked her. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Nasha","tags":" Amit Saxena Shivam Patil, Poonam Pandey, Sheetal Singh, Vishal Bhosle, Rohan Khurana, Ranbir Chakma, Raj Kesaria, Chirag Lobo A teenage boy becomes smitten with his new drama teacher and pursues her, despite the perilous risks of being found out. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Naughty Jatts","tags":" Pankaj Batra Neeru Bajwa, Binnu Dhillon, Arya Babbar, Roshan Prince, B.N. Sharma, Karamjit Anmol, Harby Sangha When three different boys propose to a lively, strictly reared girl who yearns to be a performer, she agrees to marry the winner of a singing contest. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Needhi Singh","tags":" Jaivi Dhanda Kulraj Randhawa, Nirmal Rishi, Ashish Duggal, Aman Sutdhar, Dally Daljit, Seema Kaushal, Shubh Ghumman, Karan Tiwana When her friend\u2019s rapist evades punishment from the law, a determined young woman takes revenge into her own hands in this story based on real events. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Peace Haven","tags":" Suman Ghosh Soumitra Chatterjee, Paran Banerjee, Arun Mukherjee, Sujan Mukherjee Complications around the cremation of their deceased friend inspire three septuagenarian friends to build their own mortuary. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Phantom","tags":" Kabir Khan Saif Ali Khan, Katrina Kaif, Sabyasachi Chakraborty, Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub, Sohaila Kapoor, Denzil Smith India's primary intelligence agency sends an enigmatic operative on a top-secret mission to avenge the 11\/26 terrorist attack on Mumbai. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Pizza","tags":" Akshay Akkineni Akshay Oberoi, Parvathy Omanakuttan, Arunoday Singh, Dipannita Sharma, Rajesh Sharma, Omkar Das Manikpuri, Hussain Dalal, D. Santosh A pizza delivery boy who doesn't believe in the supernatural is forced to confront his convictions after being trapped in a house on his route. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Pooja Kiven Aa","tags":" Nidhi Sharma Miss Pooja, Tarun Khanna, Raj Singh Jhinger, Sahil Vedoliyaa, B.N. Sharma, Manoj Joshi, Anita Shabdeesh, Sardar Sohi When a woman arrives in Mumbai and hires three spirited boys to care for her estate, she discovers they're more trustworthy than her family members. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Race","tags":" Mastan Alibhai Burmawalla, Abbas Alibhai Burmawalla Saif Ali Khan, Akshaye Khanna, Katrina Kaif, Bipasha Basu, Anil Kapoor, Sameera Reddy The plot thickens around two horse-racing competitors when three beautiful women come into their lives and a murder is committed. action,foregin,musicaction,foregin,music"},{"title":"Race 2","tags":" Abbas Alibhai Burmawalla, Mastan Alibhai Burmawalla Anil Kapoor, Saif Ali Khan, John Abraham, Deepika Padukone, Jacqueline Fernandez, Ameesha Patel, Rajesh Khattar, Chunky Pandey In this sequel set in the world of horse racing, half-brothers Ranvir and Rajiv Singh return for another complex tale of love, greed and violence. action,foregin,musicaction,foregin,music"},{"title":"Saadey CM Saab","tags":" Vipin Parashar Harbhajan Mann, Kashish Singh, Gurpreet Guggi, Rahul Singh, Dev Gill, Inder Bajwa Three old friends who have always hated politics are in for a shock when the friend who dislikes politics the most is somehow elected head minister. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Sat Shri Akaal England","tags":" Vikram Pradhan Ammy Virk, Monica Gill, Karamjit Anmol, Sardar Sohi, Jarnail Singh, Satwant Kaur, Harby Sangha, Baljinder Darapuri After several failed attempts to obtain a visa, a man desperate to escape Punjab pays a British woman to marry him so he can move to England. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Strong","tags":"  Gabrielle Reece Gabrielle Reece hosts a transformative competition of tough fitness challenges as 10 women partner with 10 elite personal trainers. showshow"},{"title":"Thaandavam","tags":" Vijay Vikram, Jagapathi Babu, Anushka Shetty, Amy Jackson, Lakshmi Rai, Santhanam, Nasser, Saranya Ponvannan In London, a mysterious blind man named Kenny appears to be an assassin who uses echolocation to kill, but there is more to Kenny than meets the eye. action,foregin,musicaction,foregin,music"},{"title":"Theeya Velai Seyyanum Kumaru","tags":" Sundar C. Siddarth, Santhanam, Hansika Motwani, Ganesh Venkatraman, RJ Balaji, Bosskey, Manobala, Chitra Lakshmanan When shy Kumar gets stuck on the losing end of a love triangle, the Love Doctor, Mokia, has a strategy for Kumar to win the love of his life. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Three Wives One Husband","tags":"   A film crew captures a year in the life of modern polygamist families at Rockland Ranch, a community for fundamentalist Mormons in the Utah desert. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Tiger","tags":" Sartaj Singh Pannu Sippy Gill, Ihana Dhillon, Yograj Singh, Yashpal Sharma, Deedar GIll, Rahul Jugraj, Virender Nath Lubana, Aneeta Imprisoned for drug smuggling as a child, a young man uses the law he studied while in jail to take revenge on those who wronged him. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Udaan","tags":" Vikramaditya Motwane Rajat Barmecha, Ronit Roy, Ram Kapoor, Aayan Boradia, Manjot Singh, Anand Tiwari, Raja Hudda, Shaunak Sengupta, Varun Khettry, Akshay Sachdev Upon returning to his industrial hometown, a young man must decide whether to follow his own dreams or acquiesce to his father's plans for his future. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Vettai","tags":" N. Linguswamy Arya, Madhavan, Sameera Reddy, Amala Paul, Nasser, Ashutosh Rana, Sreejith Ravi, Muthukumar This powerful Tamil action film follows the shared fate of two very different siblings: policeman Thiru and his roguish brother, Guru. action,foregin,musicaction,foregin,music"},{"title":"Wake Up Sid","tags":" Ayaan Mukherji Ranbir Kapoor, Konkona Sen Sharma, Shruti Bapna, Krutika Bolaki, Namit Das, Munir Kabani, Mohsin Ali Khan, Anupam Kher, Rahul Khanna, Kainaz Motivala A spoiled trust fund brat finds himself stuck in a rut of meaningless late-night parties \u2013 until he meets a significantly older woman and writer. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"We Are Family","tags":" Sidharth Malhotra Kajol, Kareena Kapoor, Arjun Rampal, Nominath Ginsberg, Iravati Harshe, Aachal Munjal, Diya Sonecha A divorced mother of three children runs a happy household \u2013 until her former husband brings his new career-oriented girlfriend into the picture. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"What the Jatt!!","tags":" Saket Behl Harish Verma, Isha Rikhi, Vipul Roy, Binnu Dhillon, Poonam Rajput, B.N. Sharma, Satti Sembi A peasant from Punjab and his best friend pose as detectives, filmmakers and more while trying to retrieve stolen money in this romantic comedy. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Zindagi Kitni Haseen Hay","tags":" Anjum Shahzad Feroze Khan, Sajal Ali, Jibrayl Ahmed Rajput, Alyy Khan, Shafqat Cheema, Nayyar Ejaz, Rashid Farooqi Two young parents struggle to keep their marriage afloat and their son protected amidst financial woes, career goals and clashes of ego. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Big Miracle","tags":" Ken Kwapis Drew Barrymore, John Krasinski, Kristen Bell, Dermot Mulroney, Tim Blake Nelson, Vinessa Shaw, Ted Danson, Stephen Root, Rob Riggle, Michael Gaston After a reporter writes about whales trapped in the Arctic Circle, the U.S. and U.S.S.R. team up to rescue them in this tale inspired by true events. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Paradise Lost","tags":" Monique Gardenberg J\u00falio Andrade, Lee Taylor, Hermila Guedes, Julia Konrad, Erasmo Carlos, Marjorie Estiano, Seu Jorge, Jaloo, Felipe Abib, Humberto Carr\u00e3o, Malu Galli A cop moonlights as the bodyguard for a young drag queen at a nightclub, and grows closer to the family of misfit singers that perform there. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Animal World","tags":" Han Yan Li Yi Feng, Zhou Dongyu, Michael Douglas, Bingkun Cao, Ge Wang, Keanu Chi, Zhang Jungyi, Yijuan Li, Su Ke An unlucky, debt-ridden teen resorts to his math skills when he's forced into a deadly tournament of rock-paper-scissors run by a diabolical host. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Hold the Dark","tags":" Jeremy Saulnier Jeffrey Wright, Alexander Skarsg\u00e5rd, James Badge Dale, Riley Keough, Julian Black Antelope, Tantoo Cardinal, Macon Blair, Jonathan Whitesell, Peter McRobbie In the grim Alaskan winter, a naturalist hunts for wolves blamed for killing a local boy, but he soon finds himself swept into a chilling mystery. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Lessons from a School Shooting: Notes from Dunblane","tags":" Kim A. Snyder  Two priests \u2013 one from Dunblane, Scotland, the other from Newtown, Connecticut \u2013 bond over school tragedies that occurred 16 years apart. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Made in Mexico","tags":"   These Mexico City socialites may lead opulent lives, but a peek behind the curtain reveals a tangled web of intrigue, envy and personal struggles. foregin,show,foreginforegin,show,foregin"},{"title":"Reboot: The Guardian Code","tags":"  Ty Wood, Sydney Scotia, Ajay Friese, Gabriel Darku, Hannah Vandenbygaart, Timothy E. Brummund, Bob Frazer, Octavian Kaul, Nicholas Lea, Kirsten Robek, Alex Zahara Four tech-savvy teens hone their skills as cyber-superheroes in a series of secret missions to save the world. familyfamily"},{"title":"Skylanders Academy","tags":"  Justin Long, Ashley Tisdale, Jonathan Banks, Chris Diamantopoulos, Bobcat Goldthwait, Richard Steven Horvitz, Norm MacDonald, Daniel Middleton, Catherine O'Hara, Parker Posey, Jonny Rees, Jason Ritter, Susan Sarandon, Harland Williams, Daniel Wu, Dee Bradley Baker, Chris Cox, Jim Cummings, Felicia Day, John DiMaggio, Grey Griffin Travel the vast Skylander universe in this animated series as a ragtag group of academy graduates build trust and heart in their fight against evil. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The 3rd Eye","tags":" Rocky Soraya Jessica Mila, Denny Sumargo, Citra Prima, Bianca Hello, Epy Kusnandar, Anita Hara, Derry Drajat, Voke Victoria, Shofia Shireen, Afdhal Yusman When her little sister claims she sees the dead, Alia consults a psychic, who opens her own eyes to the vengeful ghosts haunting their childhood home. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Two Catalonias","tags":" \u00c1lvaro Longoria, Gerardo Olivares  Lawmakers and activists with conflicting ideologies speak about the complexities of Catalonia's politics and the fight for its independence from Spain. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"In Darkness","tags":" Anthony Byrne Natalie Dormer, Ed Skrein, Emily Ratajkowski, Neil Maskell, Jan Bijvoet, James Cosmo, Joely Richardson A blind pianist fears for her life after the suspicious death of her neighbor, the daughter of a businessman accused of war crimes. foregin,foregin,suspenseforegin,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"DRAGON PILOT: Hisone & Masotan","tags":"  Misaki Kuno, Tomoyo Kurosawa, Maki Kawase, Satomi Arai, Kaori Nazuka, Romi Park, Yuki Kaji, Yukitoshi Tokumoto, Rie Kugimiya, Junichi Suwabe, Jouji Nakata Recently stationed Air Self-Defense Force rookie Hisone Amakasu is chosen by a dragon concealed within Gifu Air Base to be his pilot. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Maniac","tags":"  Emma Stone, Jonah Hill, Justin Theroux, Sally Field, Gabriel Byrne, Sonoya Mizuno, Julia Garner, Billy Magnussen, Jemima Kirke Two struggling strangers connect during a mind-bending pharmaceutical trial involving a doctor with mother issues and an emotionally complex computer. comedy,drama,suspensecomedy,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Quincy","tags":" Rashida Jones, Alan Hicks Quincy Jones This documentary profiles music and culture icon Quincy Jones, offering unprecedented access to his private life and stories from his unparalleled career. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Rafinha Bastos: Ultimatum","tags":"  Rafinha Bastos An off-color joke nearly cost him everything. Brazilian comic Rafinha Bastos talks about that and much more, from his divorce to finding love again. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Good Cop","tags":"  Tony Danza, Josh Groban, Monica Barbaro, Isiah Whitlock Jr. When he's not solving murders, a pathologically honest detective tries to keep an eye on his crooked but kindhearted dad. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Mobile Suit Gundam UC","tags":"  Kouki Uchiyama, Ayumi Fujimura, Hiro Shimono, Haruka Tomatsu, Daisuke Namikawa, Megumi Toyoguchi, Yuhko Kaida, Shuichi Ikeda, Tetsuya Kakihara When Banagher Links meets the mysterious Audrey Burne, he inherits the Unicorn Gundam and is swept up into the battle for space colony independence. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Transformers: Rescue Bots","tags":"  Lacey Chabert, Elan Garfias, Maurice LaMarche, Jason Marsden, Shannon McKain, Steve Blum, Parvesh Cheena, D.C. Douglas, Imari Williams, LeVar Burton, Diamond White Follow the adventure of four young transformers, Heatwave, Chase, Blades and Boulder, and their human counterparts: a family of emergency responders. familyfamily"},{"title":"Al Hayba","tags":"  Taim Hasan, Nadine Nassib Njeim, Abdo Chahine, Oweiss Mkhallalati, Mona Wassef In a village by the Lebanon-Syria border, the head of an arms-smuggling clan contends with family conflicts, power struggles and complicated love. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"American Vandal","tags":"  Tyler Alvarez, Griffin Gluck, Jimmy Tatro, Camille Hyde, Lou Wilson, Eduardo Franco, Jessica Juarez, Camille Ramsey, Calum Worthy, G. Hannelius, Karly Rothenberg A high school is rocked by an act of vandalism, but the top suspect pleads innocence and finds an ally in a filmmaker. A satirical true crime mystery. action,comedy,showaction,comedy,show"},{"title":"Ingobernable","tags":"  Kate del Castillo, Er\u00e9ndira Ibarra, Alberto Guerra, Erik Hayser, Luis Roberto Guzm\u00e1n, \u00c1lvaro Guerrero, Aida L\u00f3pez, Fernando Luj\u00e1n, Maxi Iglesias, Marianna Burelli, Maria del Carmen Far\u00edas, Tamara Mazarraza, Marina de Tavira, Marco Antonio Trevi\u00f1o, Alicia Jaziz, Harold Torres, Alessio Valentini, Diego Cadavid, Hern\u00e1n Del Riego The first lady of Mexico is a woman of conviction and ideals. But when she loses faith in her husband, she'll need all her strength to uncover the truth. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Norm Macdonald Has a Show","tags":"   Comedian Norm Macdonald hosts his celebrity friends for casual conversations that range from silly to serious and take many unexpected turns. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"The Angel","tags":" Ariel Vromen Marwan Kenzari, Hannah Ware, Toby Kebbell, Waleed Zuaiter, Maisa Abd Elhadi, Sasson Gabai, Mickey Leon, Ori Pfeffer, Slimane Dazi As his country prepares for war, top Egyptian official Ashraf Marwan makes contact with Israel and wades into a shadowy game of high-stakes espionage. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Land of Steady Habits","tags":" Nicole Holofcener Ben Mendelsohn, Edie Falco, Connie Britton, Thomas Mann, Bill Camp, Elizabeth Marvel, Charlie Tahan, Michael Gaston, Josh Pais After leaving his wife and his job to find happiness, Anders begins a clumsy, heartbreaking quest to reassemble the pieces of his fractured life. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Rise of Phoenixes","tags":"  Chen Kun, Ni Ni, Zhao Lixin, Ni Dahong, Yuan Hong, Wang Ou, Bai Jinting, Zhang Xiaochen, Mei Ting, Liu Mintao, Yu Mingjia, Hou Yansong, Hai Yitian, Shi An, Shao Tong When a secret from the past rears its head, a respected court scholar must choose between avenging her family and staying true to the prince she loves. foregin,romance,actionforegin,romance,action"},{"title":"Reversing Roe","tags":"  Ricki Stern, Annie Sundberg Through interviews with abortion rights supporters and opponents, this film lifts the lid on a decades-long political campaign to overturn Roe v. Wade. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Life","tags":"  Lee Dong-wook, Cho Seung-woo, Won Jin-ah, Lee Kyu-hyung, Moon Sung-keun, Yoo Jae-myung, Moon So-ri, Chun Ho-jin At Korea's top university medical center, ideals and interests collide between a patient-centered ER doctor and the hospital's newly-appointed CEO. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"On My Skin","tags":" Alessio Cremonini Alessandro Borghi, Jasmine Trinca, Milvia Marigliano, Max Tortora Arrested in Rome for a drug-related offense, Stefano Cucchi endures a harrowing week in custody that changes his family forever. Based on true events. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Daniel Sloss: Live Shows","tags":"  Daniel Sloss Comedian Daniel Sloss is ready to find the funny in some very dark topics, from the deeply personal to the truly irreverent. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"The Resistance Banker","tags":" Joram L\u00fcrsen Barry Atsma, Jacob Derwig, Pierre Bokma, Jaap Spijkers, Raymond Thiry, Fockeline Ouwerkerk, Matteo van der Grijn, Jochum ten Haaf, Peter Jordan, G\u00f6tz Schubert Risking his family and future, a banker in occupied Amsterdam slows the Nazi war machine by creating an underground bank to fund the resistance. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Transformers Prime","tags":"  Peter Cullen, Sumalee Montano, Frank Welker, Jeffrey Combs, Kevin Michael Richardson, Tania Gunadi, Josh Keaton, Steve Blum, Andy Pessoa, Ernie Hudson, Daran Norris, Will Friedle With the help of three human allies, the Autobots once again protect Earth from the onslaught of the Decepticons and their leader, Megatron. familyfamily"},{"title":"Transformers: Robots in Disguise","tags":"  Will Friedle, Darren Criss, Constance Zimmer, Khary Payton, Mitchell Whitfield, Stuart Allan, Ted McGinley, Peter Cullen When a prison ship crash unleashes hundreds of Decepticons on Earth, Bumblebee leads a new Autobot force to protect humankind. familyfamily"},{"title":"City of Joy","tags":" Madeleine Gavin  Women who've been sexually brutalized in war-torn Congo begin to heal at City of Joy, a center that helps them regain a sense of self and empowerment. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Marvel's Iron Fist","tags":"  Finn Jones, Jessica Henwick, David Wenham, Jessica Stroup, Tom Pelphrey Danny Rand resurfaces 15 years after being presumed dead. Now, with the power of the Iron Fist, he seeks to reclaim his past and fulfill his destiny. action,action,dramaaction,action,drama"},{"title":"Next Gen","tags":" Kevin R. Adams, Joe Ksander John Krasinski, Charlyne Yi, Jason Sudeikis, Michael Pe\u00f1a, David Cross, Constance Wu When lonely Mai forms an unlikely bond with a top-secret robot, they embark on an intense, action-packed adventure to foil the plot of a vicious villain. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Sierra Burgess Is A Loser","tags":" Ian Samuels Shannon Purser, Kristine Froseth, RJ Cyler, Noah Centineo, Loretta Devine, Giorgia Whigham, Alice Lee, Lea Thompson, Alan Ruck, Mary Pat Gleason, Chrissy Metz A wrong-number text sparks a virtual romance between a smart but unpopular teen and a sweet jock who thinks he's talking to a gorgeous cheerleader. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Stretch Armstrong & the Flex Fighters","tags":"  Scott Menville, Steven Yeun, Ogie Banks, Wil Wheaton, Keith David, Miguel Ferrer, David Kaye, Kate Mulgrew, Nazneen Contractor, Felicia Day Jake Armstrong and his best friends are unexpectedly transformed into superheroes who learn to reach far beyond the limits of any ordinary teenager. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Most Assassinated Woman in the World","tags":" Franck Ribi\u00e8re Anna Mouglalis, Niels Schneider, Andr\u00e9 Wilms, Michel Fau, Sissi Duparc, Jean-Michel Balthazar, Julie Recoing, Eric Godon, Maya Coline, Constance Doll\u00e9 In 1930s Paris, an actress famous for her gory death scenes at the Grand Guignol Theater contends with a mysterious stalker and ghosts from her past. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"PK","tags":" Rajkumar Hirani Aamir Khan, Anuskha Sharma, Sanjay Dutt, Saurabh Shukla, Parikshat Sahni, Sushant Singh Rajput, Boman Irani, Rukhsar Aamir Khan teams with director Rajkumar Hirani to play a social crusader in a political satire on the state of corruption in India. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Debt Collector","tags":" Jesse V. Johnson Scott Adkins, Louis Mandylor, Vladimir Kulich, Michael Par\u00e9, Rachel Brann, Selina Lo, Tony Todd A broke martial arts instructor takes a side gig with a mobster, who pairs him with a veteran thug for a weekend of fisticuffs-fueled debt collection. actionaction"},{"title":"Monkey Twins","tags":"  Phakin Khamwilaisak, Sumret Muengput, Alisa Kunkwaeng, Zozeen Panyanut Jirarottanakasem, Akarat Nimitchai, Warawut Poyim, Vithaya Pansringarm, Phutharit Prombandal, Kazu Patrick Tang Inspired by Khon dance drama and Thai martial arts, a fighter scarred by the past joins forces with a determined cop to battle an organized crime ring. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"Quantico","tags":"  Priyanka Chopra, Josh Hopkins, Jake McLaughlin, Aunjanue Ellis, Yasmine Al Massri, Johanna Braddy, Tate Ellington, Graham Rogers, Anabelle Acosta, Russell Tovey, Blair Underwood, Pearl Thusi When evidence in a deadly terrorist attack implicates FBI trainee Alex Parrish, she must discover which one of her classmates framed her. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Age of Rebellion","tags":" Peter Ho Peter Ho, Jeanine Yang, Tammy Chen, Jason Tsou, Chang Ting-hu, Nana Lee, Nien Hsuan Wu At their high school, a group of unruly teens wreak havoc, face bullies and navigate turbulent lives beyond school grounds. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Carbon","tags":" Olivier Marchal Beno\u00eet Magimel, Gringe, Idir Chender, Laura Smet, Micha\u00ebl Youn, Dani, Patrick Catalifo, G\u00e9rard Depardieu On the verge of losing his business, an entrepreneur launches a carbon tax scam that thrusts him into a web of criminals, intrigue and murder. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Garbage","tags":" Qaushiq Mukherjee Tanmay Dhanania, Trimala Adhikari, Satarupa Das, Satchit Puranik, Gitanjali Dang, Shruti Viswan, Nikhil Chopra, Krish Moitra The lives of a fundamentalist online troll and a woman reeling from a sex tape gone viral become dangerously intertwined in this provocative thriller. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"\u200b\u200bKuch Bheege Alfaaz","tags":" Onir Geetanjali Thapa, Zain Khan Durrani, Shray Rai Tiwari, Mona Ambegaonkar, Chandreyee Ghosh, Barun Chanda, Saheb Bhattacharjee, Shefali Chauhan After accidentally connecting over the Internet, two strangers form a tight friendship \u2013 not knowing they already share a bond. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Love and Shukla","tags":" Jatla Siddartha Saharsh Kumar Shukla, Taneea Rajawat, Hima Singh, Aparna Upadhyay, Loknath Tiwari, Sambhaji Sasane A sexually inexperienced rickshaw driver struggles to build intimacy with his shy new wife in their tiny, overcrowded quarters. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Once Again","tags":" Kanwal Sethi Shefali Shah, Neeraj Kabi, Rasika Dugal, Bidita Bag, Priyanshu Painyuli, Bhagwan Tiwari After a chance phone call leads to daily conversations, a widowed restaurant owner and a lonely film actor plan to finally meet in person. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Sisters","tags":"  Lucy Durack, Antonia Prebble, Maria Angelico, Dan Spielman, Charlie Garber, Lindsay Farris, Zindzi Okenyo, Catherine McClements, Roy Billing, Magda Szubanski Her dad's deathbed confession leads Julia to discover she has more than 100 brothers and two sisters: troubled TV star Roxy and uptight lawyer Edie. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Sparring","tags":" Samuel Jouy Mathieu Kassovitz, Olivia Merilahti, Souleymane M'Baye, Billie Blain, Malik Bine, Zakariya Gouram, Jolente De Keersmaeker, Lyes Salem, Ali Labidi, David Saracino A middle-aged boxer with a mixed record becomes a champion's sparring partner while dreaming of one last chance to end his career with a victory. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Cathedral of the Sea","tags":"  Daniel Grao, Gin\u00e9s Garc\u00eda Mill\u00e1n, \u00d3scar Hern\u00e1ndez, Alain Hern\u00e1ndez, Nora Navas, Luc\u00eda D\u00edez, Jorge Kent, Ali El Aziz, Julia Carnero, David Venancio Muro, Jon\u00e1s Beram\u00ed, Hugo Arbues, Natalia de Molina In 14th-century Barcelona, a serf's determined climb to wealth and freedom incurs the disdain of the noble class and the suspicion of the Inquisition. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Inside the Criminal Mind","tags":"   Explore the psychological machinations and immoral behavior that define the most nefarious types of criminals. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"The Comedy Lineup","tags":"  Michelle Buteau, Ian Karmel, Taylor Tomlinson, Sam Jay, Phil Wang, Sabrina Jalees, Jak Knight, Tim Dillon A diverse group of up-and-coming comedians perform 15-minute sets in this stand-up comedy showcase series. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"The Laws of Thermodynamics","tags":" Mateo Gil Vito Sanz, Berta V\u00e1zquez, Chino Dar\u00edn, Vicky Luengo, Andrea Ros, Irene Escolar, Josep Maria Pou, Daniel S\u00e1nchez Ar\u00e9valo A physicist uses the laws of thermodynamics to describe romance and relationships, but his theories prove faulty when it comes to his own love life. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Ultimate Beastmaster","tags":"  Tiki Barber, Chris Distefano, Francesco Facchinetti, Bianca Balti, Vidyut Jammwal, Sarah-Jane Dias, BIn Gu, Qinyi Du, Paula V\u00e1zquez, Sa\u00fal Craviotto, Gilles Marini, Sandy Heribert, Terry Crews, Charissa Thompson, Yuji Kondo, Sayaka Akimoto, Luke Mockridge, Hans Sarpei, Kyung-seok Seo, Kyeong-rim Park, Luis Ernesto Franco, In\u00e9s Sainz, Rafinha Bastos, Anderson Silva, Sylvester Stallone In this intense obstacle course series, elite athletes from the U.S. and other countries compete for cash prizes, individual glory and national pride. showshow"},{"title":"Undercover Law","tags":"  Vi\u00f1a Machado, Juana del R\u00edo, Luna Baxter, Valeria G\u00e1lviz, Tommy Vasquez, Luis Mesa, Katherine V\u00e9lez, Juan Manuel Mendoza, Patrick Delmas, Ricardo Vesga, Toto Vega Female intelligence agents infiltrate the disparate aspects of a Colombian cartel in an attempt to take down the drug lords and their associates. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Naam Shabana","tags":" Shivam Nair Tapsee Pannu, Akshay Kumar, Manoj Bajpayee, Prithviraj Sukumaran, Danny Denzongpa, Anupam Kher, Zakir Hussain, Virendra Saxenda A fiery young woman accepts help from a spy agency to avenge her lover's murder. In return, she must prove herself as one of their top recruits. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Qarib Qarib Singlle","tags":" Tanuja Chandra Irrfan Khan, Parvathy, Neha Dhupia, Pushtii Shakti, Luke Kenny, Siddharth Menon, Bajrangbali Singh, Brijendra Kala After reluctantly joining a dating app, a 35-year-old widow accompanies an easygoing poet on a trip to visit three of his exes. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Spyder","tags":" A.R. Murugadoss Mahesh Babu, Rakul Preet Singh, S.J. Surya, Bharath Srinivasan, Priyadarshi Pullikonda, RJ Balaji When an Intelligence Bureau officer\u2019s phone-tapping day job leads him to a serial killer, he must track down and thwart the murderer\u2019s next steps. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Chicken Soup for the Soul's Being Dad","tags":"   Nine dads around America with different family structures, backgrounds and jobs navigate the joys and challenges of fatherhood. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Maria Bamford: The Special Special Special","tags":" Jordan Brady Maria Bamford, Wayne Federman, Jackie Kashian Spend an evening with gleeful, oh-so-awkward Maria Bamford via her cozy, shot-at-home comedy special, which has a two-person audience: her parents. comedycomedy"},{"title":"GHOUL","tags":" Patrick Graham Radhika Apte, Manav Kaul, Ratnabali Bhattacharjee, Mahesh Balraj When a new prisoner at a military detention center exhibits eerie behavior, a young interrogator\u2019s search for the truth becomes a battle for survival. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"One Last Shot","tags":" Mike Clattenburg Robb Wells, John Paul Tremblay, John Dunsworth In this low-budget short film, two best buddies meet up for a night of booze-fueled fun before one of them moves to Vancouver. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Take My Brother Away","tags":" Han Qing Sun Qian, Joseph Zeng, Lv Xiao Yu, Hu Yong Tao, Wang Xu Dong, Ma Bai Quan Bickering siblings Shi Miao and Shi Fen tackle friendship matters, school drama and the pitfalls of growing up with little parental supervision. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"The After Party","tags":" Ian Edelman Kyle Harvey, Harrison Holzer, Teyana Taylor, Shelley Hennig, Wiz Khalifa, Blair Underwood, Jordan Rock, Amin Joseph, Andy Buckley, Jamie Choi An aspiring rapper and his best friend\/manager have one night to bounce back from embarrassment and make their dreams of hip-hop stardom come true. comedy,musiccomedy,music"},{"title":"The Innocents","tags":"  Sorcha Groundsell, Percelle Ascott, Guy Pearce, Sam Hazeldine, Nadine Marshall, J\u00f3hannes Haukur J\u00f3hannesson, Laura Birn, Ingunn Beate \u00d8yen, Arthur Hughes, Trond Fausa, Lise Risom Olsen, Philip Wright Runaway teen lovers June and Harry find themselves swept up in a dangerous and confusing new world when June begins to display mysterious abilities. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Bareilly Ki Barfi","tags":" Ashwiny Iyer Tiwari Ayushmann Khurrana, Kriti Sanon, Rajkummar Rao, Pankaj Tripathi, Seema Pahwa, Rohit Chaudhury, Swati Semwal When she falls in love with the author of a novel she adores, bohemian Bitti enlists the help of a local printer to find her new object of affection. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Mersal","tags":" Atlee Kumar Joseph Vijay, S.J. Surya, Kajal Aggarwal, Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Nithya Menon, Vadivelu, Sathyaraj A detective arrests a doctor for crimes targeting medical professionals but later finds the real culprit in a tale of revenge, corruption and magic. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Mom","tags":" Ravi Udyawar Sridevi, Akshaye Khanna, Sajal Ali, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Adnan Siddiqui, Pitobash, Abhimanyu Singh, Vikas Verma After her stepdaughter is sexually assaulted at a party, a furious mother sets out to destroy the lives of the four perpetrators who walked away free. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Pad Man","tags":" R. Balki Akshay Kumar, Sonam Kapoor, Radhika Apte, Jyoti Subhash, Urmila Mahanta, Suneel Sinha, Sanjay Singh, Rakesh Chaturvedi Om Despite public humiliation and resistance, an entrepreneur markets a hygienic, low-cost sanitary pad that even India's poorest women can afford. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Toilet: Ek Prem Katha","tags":" Shree Narayan Singh Akshay Kumar, Bhumi Pednekar, Divyendu Sharma, Atul Srivastava, Anupam Kher, Ayesha Raza Mishra, Mukesh S Bhatt, Shubha Khote, Sudhir Pandey On her first day of marriage, a woman leaves her husband upon learning his home lacks a toilet, sparking a quixotic quest to acquire modern sanitation. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Party Monster: Scratching the Surface","tags":"  Ellie Kemper, Jane Krakowski, Tituss Burgess, Carol Kane, Jon Hamm, Bobby Moynihan, Lauren Adams, Sara Chase, Sol Miranda, Derek Klena, Aidy Bryant In the probing documentary \"Party Monster,\" DJ Fingablast investigates what became of his childhood hero, DJ Slizzard. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Stay Here","tags":"  Genevieve Gorder, Peter Lorimer Designer Genevieve Gorder and real estate expert Peter Lorimer show property owners how to turn their short-term rentals into moneymaking showstoppers. showshow"},{"title":"The Motive","tags":" Manuel Mart\u00edn Cuenca Javier Guti\u00e9rrez, Mar\u00eda Le\u00f3n, Adelfa Calvo, Adriana Paz, Tenoch Huerta, Rafael T\u00e9llez, Antonio de la Torre An aspiring writer with no imagination seeks inspiration for his novel by manipulating the lives of his neighbors so that he can write about them. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"To All the Boys I\u2019ve Loved Before","tags":" Susan Johnson Lana Condor, Noah Centineo, Janel Parrish, Anna Cathcart, Andrew Bachelor, Trezzo Mahoro, Madaleine Arthur, Israel Broussard, Emilija Baranac, John Corbett When her secret love letters somehow get mailed to each of her five crushes, Lara Jean finds her quiet high school existence turned upside down. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Yoo Byung Jae: Discomfort Zone","tags":" Y. Joon Chung Yoo Byung Jae Daring comedian Yoo Byung-jae connects criticism he's received from the general public to some of the most touchy issues in current Korean society. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Bhavesh Joshi Superhero","tags":" Vikramaditya Motwane Harshvardhan Kapoor, Priyanshu Painyuli, Ashish Verma, Shreiya Sabharwal, Pratap Phad, Chinmayee Mandlekar, Nishikant Kamat, Hrishikesh Joshi When his best friend is killed for uncovering political corruption, an idealistic young man decides to become a masked fighter for justice. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"For Here or to Go?","tags":" Rucha Humnabadkar Ali Fazal, Melanie Chandra, Rajit Kapoor, Amitosh Nagpal, Omi Vaidya, Samrat Chakrabarti, Keith Stevenson A software engineer must decide if he'd rather navigate America's frustrating visa renewal process or simply return to his home country of India. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"72 Dangerous Animals: Asia","tags":"  Bob Brisbane From fangs to claws to venomous stings, they all wield deadly weapons. But which creature will be crowned the fiercest of all? documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"Afflicted","tags":"   Baffling symptoms. Controversial diagnoses. Costly treatments. Seven people with chronic illnesses search for answers \u2013 and relief. documental,show,documentaldocumental,show,documental"},{"title":"All About the Washingtons","tags":"  Joseph Simmons, Justine Simmons, Kiana Led\u00e9, Nathan Anderson, Leah Rose Randall, Maceo Smedley, Quincy Fouse, DJ Ruckus, Adain Bradley, Tim Meadows, Daymond John, Erick Chavarria, Christopher Clarke, Aubrey Cleland, Arsenio Hall, Stephen Schneider, Max Goudsmit, Noah Gerry, Jamie VanDyke, Ashleigh Hairston Hip-hop icon MC Joe Speed retires from showbiz and finds a new rhythm balancing business, romance and everyday family chaos. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society","tags":" Mike Newell Lily James, Michiel Huisman, Penelope Wilton, Tom Courtenay, Jessica Brown Findlay, Katherine Parkinson, Matthew Goode A London writer bonds with the colorful residents of Guernsey as she learns about the book club they formed during the WWII German occupation. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"The Package","tags":" Jake Szymanski Daniel Doheny, Geraldine Viswanathan, Luke Spencer Roberts, Eduardo Franco, Sadie Calvano After their buddy suffers an unfortunate accident during spring break, four pals risk everything \u2013 including their dignity \u2013 to make him whole again. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Zion","tags":" Floyd Russ Zion Clark Born without legs and stuck in foster care for years, teen Zion Clark finds his calling when he pursues competitive wrestling. A documentary short. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Perdida","tags":" Alejandro Montiel Luisana Lopilato, Amaia Salamanca, Rafael Spregelburd, Nicol\u00e1s Furtado, Oriana Sabatini, Pedro Casablanc, Arancha Mart\u00ed, Carlos Alc\u00e1ntara, Mar\u00eda Onetto, Sara S\u00e1lamo A policewoman whose childhood friend disappeared in Patagonia years ago starts a new search to find answers, and soon finds her own life in danger. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Originals","tags":"  Joseph Morgan, Daniel Gillies, Phoebe Tonkin, Charles Michael Davis, Leah Pipes, Danielle Campbell, Claire Holt, Steven Krueger The Mikaelsons move to New Orleans and form an alliance with local witches in an effort to rule the city once again in this \"Vampire Diaries\" spinoff. drama,suspense,suspensedrama,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"On Children","tags":"  Chuan-Chen Yeh, Chung Hsin-ling, Frances Wu, Chiung-Hsuan Hsieh, Su-Yun Ko, Ivy Yin, Gingle Wang, Hsiu-Fu Liu, Tzu-Chuan Liu, Yu-Xuan Wang These uncanny tales reveal a world where individuals face the tragic consequences of social pressure, parental oppression and family dysfunction. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"2 States","tags":" Abhishek Varman Alia Bhatt, Arjun Kapoor, Ronit Roy, Amrita Singh, Revathy, Aru Krishansh Verma Graduate students Krish and Ananya hope to win their parents' approval before they marry, but the two families clash over their cultural differences. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Baaghi","tags":" Sabir Khan Tiger Shroff, Shraddha Kapoor, Sudheer Babu, Paras Arora, Sunil Grover, Sourav Chakraborty, Shaurya Bhardawaj A martial artist faces his biggest test when he has to travel to Bangkok to rescue the woman he loves from the clutches of his romantic rival. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Brij Mohan Amar Rahe","tags":" Nikhil Nagesh Bhat Arjun Mathur, Nidhi Singh, Manav Vij, Sheetal Thakur, Sunny Hinduja, Yogendra Tikku, Vijayant Kohli Faking his death to escape the realities of his uneventful life worked out well for Brij Mohan \u2013 until he was sentenced to death for his own murder. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Flavors of Youth: International Version","tags":" Xiaoxing Yi, Yoshitaka Takeuchi, Haoling Li Taito Ban, Mariya Ise, Minako Kotobuki, Haruka Shiraishi, Hiroki Yasumoto, Takeo Otsuka, Ikumi Hasegawa, Takayuki Nakatsukasa Memories in a bowl of steaming noodles, a fading beauty finding her way and a bittersweet first love \u2013 all in these stories of city life in China. anime,foregin,romanceanime,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Cocaine Coast","tags":"  Javier Rey, Trist\u00e1n Ulloa, Antonio Dur\u00e1n 'Morris', Carlos Blanco, Manuel Lourenzo, Jana P\u00e9rez, Xos\u00e9 Antonio Touri\u00f1\u00e1n, Isabel Naveira, Eva Fern\u00e1ndez, Juan Pablo Shuk In 1980s Galicia, Spain, a young fisherman becomes a prosperous cocaine smuggler by providing Latin American suppliers with a European entry point. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Like Father","tags":" Lauren Miller Rogen Kristen Bell, Kelsey Grammer, Seth Rogen, Paul W. Downs, Zach Appelman, Leonard Ouzts, Blaire Brooks, Anthony Laciura, Mary Looram, Brett Gelman After she's left at the altar, a workaholic advertising executive ends up on her Caribbean honeymoon cruise with her estranged father. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"7 Khoon Maaf","tags":" Vishal Bhardwaj Priyanka Chopra, Neil Nitin Mukesh, John Abraham, Irrfan Khan, Aleksandr Dyachenko, Annu Kapoor, Naseeruddin Shah, Vivaan Shah, Usha Uthup, Konkona Sen Sharma Spiced liberally with black comedy, this Bollywood drama follows the lethal love life of a woman who marries numerous men \u2013 only to find them flawed. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Chillar Party","tags":" Vikas Bahl, Nitesh Tiwari Irfan Khan, Raju, Sanath Menon, Rohan Grover, Naman Jain, Aarav Khanna, Vishesh Tiwari, Chinmai Chandranshuh, Vedant Desai, Shriya Sharma, Divji Handa Eight feisty boys befriend young drifter Fatka. When a mean politician threatens Fatka's way of life, the boys band together in honor of their pal. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Fashion","tags":" Madhur Bhandarkar Priyanka Chopra, Kangana Ranaut, Mugdha Godse, Arbaaz Khan, Arjan Bajwa, Raj Babbar, Kiran Juneja, Samir Soni A small-town girl finally realizes her dream of becoming a famous supermodel but soon finds there's a price for her glamorous new life. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Fitoor","tags":" Abhishek Kapoor Aditya Roy Kapoor, Katrina Kaif, Tabu, Rahul Bhatt, Lara Dutta, Akshay Oberoi, Aditi Rao Hydari, Ajay Devgn A young artist falls for an aristocratic young woman whose bitter mother has trained her in the art of breaking hearts. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Fiza","tags":" Khalid Mohamed Karisma Kapoor, Jaya Bhaduri, Hrithik Roshan, Neha, Asha Sachdev, Bikram Saluja, Isha Koppikar, Johny Lever, Sushmita Sen, Manoj Bajpayee Fiza's brother disappears during Mumbai's horrifying 1993 riots. Each day, Fiza and her widowed mother hope that he will return. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Guzaarish","tags":" Sanjay Leela Bhansali Hrithik Roshan, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Shernaz Patel, Aditya Roy Kapoor, Nafisa Ali, Monikangana Dutta, Suhel Seth, Rajit Kapoor, Ash Chandler, Vijay Crishna After an onstage disaster leaves an illusionist paralyzed, he channels his magic into a hit radio show. Years later, he fights for the right to die. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Haider","tags":" Vishal Bhardwaj Shahid Kapoor, Tabu, Shraddha Kapoor, Kay Kay Menon, Irrfan Khan, Narendra Jha Shahid Kapoor delivers a searing performance in this Bollywood take on Hamlet that unfolds amid Kashmiri culture and history. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Highway","tags":" Imtiaz Ali Randeep Hooda, Alia Bhatt, Durgesh Kumar, Pradeep Nagar City girl Veera is kidnapped on the eve of her wedding, but as her captors take her through the countryside, Veera finds herself feeling emancipated. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"I Hate Luv Storys","tags":" Punit Malhotra Imran Khan, Sonam Kapoor, Sammir Dattani, Samir Soni, Kavin Dave, Bruna Abdullah This Bollywood spoof recounts the ups and downs of an assistant film director who loathes romance and a designer who adores all things sentimental. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Joker","tags":" Shirish Kunder Akshay Kumar, Sonakshi Sinha, Shreyas Talpade, Minissha Lamba, Pitobash, Darshan Jariwala, Alexx O'Nell, Asrani, Sanjay Mishra, Vrijesh Hirjee A remote village situated neither in India or Pakistan becomes its own republic after inmates at the local mental asylum bust loose and take over. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Main aurr Mrs. Khanna","tags":" Prem Soni Salman Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Sohail Khan, Preity Zinta, Bappi Lahiri, Yash Tonk, Nauheed Cyrusi, Mahek Chahal A financially troubled Indian man heads to Singapore to find employment, while his pretty wife stays behind in a move that could cause trouble. foregin,music,romanceforegin,music,romance"},{"title":"Mohenjo Daro","tags":" Ashutosh Gowariker Hrithik Roshan, Sonakshi Sinha, Pooja Hegde, Kabir Bedi, Arunoday Singh, Kishori Shahane, Narendra Jha, Nitish Bharadwaj A courageous villager moves to the ancient city of Mohenjo Daro, where he falls for the daughter of a priest and does battle with a tyrant. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Raajneeti","tags":" Prakash Jha Ajay Devgn, Nana Patekar, Ranbir Kapoor, Katrina Kaif, Arjun Rampal, Manoj Bajpayee, Sarah Thompson, Naseeruddin Shah When the American-educated scion of a powerful Indian family returns to the subcontinent, his first taste of power starts him down a corrupt path. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Rang De Basanti","tags":" Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra Aamir Khan, Siddharth, Atul Kulkarni, Sharman Joshi, Kunal Kapoor, Alice Patten, Soha Ali Khan, Waheeda Rehman, Kiron Kher, Om Puri, Anupam Kher, Madhavan An idealistic English filmmaker casts a group of student actors in her docudrama about India's revolution against British rule in the 1920s. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Rowdy Rathore","tags":" Prabhu Deva Akshay Kumar, Sonakshi Sinha, Nasser, Yashpal Sharma, Paresh Ganatra, Gurdip Kohli, Mushtaq Khan, Amit Kumar Tiwari A con man uncovers a deadly secret and must save his lady love, the little girl who insists she's his daughter and the small-town locals from the mob. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Tamasha","tags":" Imtiaz Ali Ranbir Kapoor, Deepika Padukone, Piyush Mishra, Javed Sheikh, Nikhil Bhagat, Faraaz Servaia Meeting while on vacation, Ved and Tara sense a connection but vow to keep their real identities a secret. Years later, their paths cross again. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya","tags":" Mandeep Kumar Riteish Deshmukh, Genelia D'Souza, Tinnu Anand, Om Puri, Smita Jaykar, Chitrashi Rawat, Navin Prabhakar, Kartar Cheema Mini isn't eager to wed the rich suitor who's been chosen for her, so she stages her own kidnapping and runs off with a man who works for her father. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Thank You","tags":" Anees Bazmee Akshay Kumar, Bobby Deol, Sonam Kapoor, Irrfan Khan, Sunil Shetty, Rimi Sen, Celina Jaitly Three cheating husbands end up paying the price for their infidelities when their spouses hire a private detective \u2013 who falls for one of the wives. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Blue Umbrella","tags":" Vishal Bhardwaj Pankaj Kapur, Shreya Sharma, Dolly Ahluwalia, Deepak Dobriyal, Rahul Kumar, Paramjit Singh Kakran, Piu Dutt, Samrat Mukherjee A charming allegory based on a novella by Ruskin Bond, this visually stunning film from India explores themes of greed, loneliness, longing and loss. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Becoming Champions","tags":"   This series looks at the stories behind the athletes and countries that have achieved World Cup champion status. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Being Napoleon","tags":" Jesse Handsher, Olivier Roland Mark Schneider, Frank Samson On the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo, thousands of enthusiasts reenact the epic clash. But there can only be one Napoleon. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Invisible","tags":" Pablo Giorgelli Mora Arenillas, Mara Bestelli, Diego Cremonesi After learning she's pregnant, a teen grapples with the consequences while trying to go about her life as if nothing has changed. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Switched","tags":"  Daiki Shigeoka, Tomohiro Kamiyama, Kaya Kiyohara, Miu Tomita, Reika Kirishima, Shinji Rokkaku, Miu Suzuki, Riko Hisada, Megumi Seki, Shoko Nakajima High schooler Ayumi's perfect world evaporates when her envious classmate Zenko somehow steals her body, her boyfriend and her life. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Could\u2019ve-Gone-All-the-Way Committee","tags":"  Jiro Sato, Mai Shiraishi, Takayuki Yamada, Shotaro Mamiya, Tamotsu Kanshuji, Yuka Ogura, Kenta Hamano, Yuka Kuramochi, Yuki Morinaga, Rena Takeda, Munenori Nagano, Shiori Enatsu, Toru Tezuka, Yosuke Sugino, Maika Yamamoto, Akiyoshi Nakao, Aoi Morikawa, Masato Yano, Mari Yamachi, Megumi, Mayuko Fukuda, Yuta Koseki People bring their stories of missed lust connections to an objective panel of experts who then judge whether they could have gone all the way or not. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"A Very Secret Service","tags":"  Hugo Becker, Wilfred Bena\u00efche, Christophe Kourotchkine, Karim Barras, Bruno Paviot, Jean-\u00c9douard Bodziak, Mathilde Warnier, Jos\u00e9phine de La Baume, Marie-Julie Baup, Antoine Gouy, Julie Farenc At the height of the Cold War in 1960, Andr\u00e9 Merlaux joins the French Secret Service and contends with enemies both foreign and bureaucratic. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"SWORDGAI The Animation","tags":"  Yuto Uemura, Yuuka Aisaka, Nobunaga Shimazaki, Yuuichirou Umehara, Toshihiko Seki, Jouji Nakata, Rina Satou, Tomokazu Sugita, Hiro Shimono, Ayane Sakura, Urara Takano, Kohei Murakami, Maaya Uchida, Takaya Kuroda, Michiko Neya, Takaya Hashi A young man becomes host to a legendary infernal sword and, with the fate of humanity now in his arm, wields its demonic power against his enemies. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Kath & Kimderella","tags":" Ted Emery Jane Turner, Gina Riley, Magda Szubanski, Glenn Robbins, Peter Rowsthorn, Rob Sitch, Richard E. Grant, Barry Humphries, Erin Mullally, Jessica De Gouw Chipper baby boomer Kath, diva daughter Kim and hapless pal Sharon visit Papilloma, Italy, where a royal romance and knockoff fashions await. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kath and Kim","tags":"  Jane Turner, Gina Riley, Glenn Robbins, Peter Rowsthorn, Magda Szubanski As Kath prepares to wed fine-meats purveyor Kel, her daughter Kim moves back home after becoming disillusioned with her two-month marriage to Brett. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Mansion","tags":" Tony Datis Nathalie Odzierejko, Marc Jarousseau, Ludovik Day, Yvick Letexier, J\u00e9r\u00f4me Niel, Vincent Tirel, Vanessa Guide, Delphine Baril, Baptiste Lorber, Lila Lacombe A group of students celebrates New Year's at a remote Belgian estate, where their substance-fueled revelry soon descends into a bloodstained nightmare. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Coco y Raulito: Carrusel de ternura","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Coco Celis, Ra\u00fal Meneses A study in contrasts, comedy partners and good friends Coco Celis and Ra\u00fal Meneses alternate separate stand-up sets for double the laughs. comedycomedy"},{"title":"El Chapo","tags":"  Marco de la O, Humberto Busto, Alejandro Aguilar, Rodrigo Abed, Luis Fernando Pe\u00f1a, Juan Carlos Olivas, Rolf Petersen, Carlos Hernan Romo, H\u00e9ctor Holten, Diego V\u00e1squez, Tet\u00e9 Espinoza, Luis R\u00e1bago, Dolores Heredia, Cristina Michaus, Valentina Acosta, Juliette Pardau, Abril Schreiber This drama series chronicles the true story of the rise, capture and escape of notorious Mexican drug lord Joaqu\u00edn \"El Chapo\" Guzm\u00e1n. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"Extinction","tags":" Ben Young Michael Pe\u00f1a, Lizzy Caplan, Israel Broussard, Mike Colter, Emma Booth, Lex Shrapnel, Erica Tremblay, Lilly Aspell Plagued by dreams of an alien invasion, a family man faces his worst nightmare when an extraterrestrial force begins exterminating Earth's inhabitants. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Smoking","tags":"  Ryo Ishibashi, Nobuaki Kaneko, Tomomi Maruyama, Kaito Yoshimura Seeking a greater justice, a band of homeless assassins flays their human targets and delivers the tattooed skins as proof of a contract fulfilled. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"The Bleeding Edge","tags":" Kirby Dick  This eye-opening look at the fast-growing medical device industry reveals how the rush to innovate can lead to devastating consequences for patients. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Welcome to the Family","tags":"  Melani Olivares, Ivan Massagu\u00e9, Yolanda Ramos, Nao Albet, Georgina Amor\u00f3s, Le\u00efti S\u00e8ne, Nonna Cardoner When an evicted single mom's estranged father dies, she and his second wife cover up his death after learning they've been written out of his will. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Parmanu: The Story of Pokhran","tags":" Abhishek Sharma John Abraham, Boman Irani, Diana Penty, Anuja Sathe, Yogendra Tikku, Aditya Hitkari, Vikas Kumar, Ajay Shankar, Darshan Pandya, Mark Benington A dedicated government official puts his career in jeopardy by insisting that India become a nuclear power, a goal that powerful forces resist. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Iliza Shlesinger: Elder Millennial","tags":" Steve Paley Iliza Shlesinger Newly engaged comic Iliza Shlesinger dives into\u00a0undeniable truths about life at age 35, the insanity of the road traveled and what's to come. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Warning","tags":" Daniel Calparsoro Ra\u00fal Ar\u00e9valo, Aura Garrido, Hugo Arbues, Bel\u00e9n Cuesta, Antonio Dechent, Aitor Luna, Sergio Mur After his friend is shot, Jon finds a mathematical pattern behind deaths that occurred at the same location and sets out to warn the next young victim. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Amazing Interiors","tags":"   Meet eccentric homeowners whose seemingly ordinary spaces are full of surprises, from a backyard roller coaster to an indoor aquarium. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Dark Tourist","tags":"   From a nuclear lake to a haunted forest, journalist David Farrier visits unusual \u2013 and often macabre \u2013 tourism spots around the world. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Duck Duck Goose","tags":" Chris Jenkins Jim Gaffigan, Zendaya, Lance Lim, Greg Proops, Reggie Watts, Carl Reiner, Jennifer Grey, Stephen Fry, Diedrich Bader, Natasha Leggero, Craig Ferguson, Rick Overton As his flock's annual migration nears, a carefree goose is grounded with an injury and takes a pair of lost ducklings under his wing. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Father of the Year","tags":"  David Spade, Nat Faxon, Joey Bragg, Matt Shively, Bridgit Mendler, Jackie Sandler, Mary Gillis A drunken debate between two recent college grads about whose father would win in a fight leads to mayhem when their dads take the challenge seriously. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Home: Adventures with Tip & Oh","tags":"  Rachel Crow, Mark Whitten, Ana Ortiz, Ron Funches, Matt Jones, Nolan North A misfit alien named Oh moves in with Tip and her family, in a series that picks up the dynamic duo's adventures where the hit film left off. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Jimmy: The True Story of a True Idiot","tags":"  Akiyoshi Nakao, Tetsuji Tamayama, Hiroyuki Onoue, Shinji Rokkaku, Ikuji Nakamura, Yasuhi Nakamura, Mari Hamada In the 1980s, a simple-minded fool named Hideaki meets comedy legend Sanma, changes his name to Jimmy and becomes a comedic superstar. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Luna Petunia: Return to Amazia","tags":"  Ciara Alexys, Katie Griffin, Cory Doran, Jonah Weinberg, Stephanie Lynn Robinson, Stephanie Anne Mills, Robert Tinkler Luna Petunia returns to magical Amazia, adding memories to her scrapbook with old friends \u2013 and a new pal from the Animal Empire. familyfamily"},{"title":"Nothing to Lose","tags":" Alexandre Avancini Petr\u00f4nio Gontijo, Day Mesquita, Beth Goulart, Dalton Vigh, Eduardo Galv\u00e3o, Andr\u00e9 Gon\u00e7alves, Marcello Airoldi This biographical drama traces the rise to fame of controversial Brazilian evangelical leader and business titan Edir Macedo. drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"El club de los buenos infieles","tags":"  Ra\u00fal Fern\u00e1ndez, Fele Mart\u00ednez, Juanma Cifuentes, Hovik Keuchkerian, Albert Ribalta, Jordi Vilches, Adri\u00e1n Lastra, Raquel Salvador, Marta Brucart, Betsy Turnez Four childhood buddies in passionless marriages try a counterintuitive idea: a secret club for men who want to cheat \u2013 to regain lust for their wives. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Camar\u00f3n: The Film","tags":" Alexis Morante Juan Diego This documentary looks back on the life of legendary flamenco singer Camar\u00f3n, who went from humble roots to rock star status to a tragic early death. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"GODZILLA City on the Edge of Battle","tags":" Kobun Shizuno, Hiroyuki Seshita Mamoru Miyano, Takahiro Sakurai, Kana Hanazawa, Tomokazu Sugita, Yuki Kaji, Junichi Suwabe, Reina Ueda, Ari Ozawa, Daisuke Ono, Kenta Miyake, Kenyu Horiuchi, Kazuya Nakai, Kazuhiro Yamaji On Earth, Haruo and his companions make contact with the indigenous Houtua tribe. To defeat Godzilla, they set out for the old Mechagodzilla facility. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Going for Gold","tags":" Clay Glen Kelli Berglund, Emily Morris, Terry Rogers, Jess Kuss, Jo Stone, Elysia Markou, Daisy Anderson, Ruth Natalie Fallon, Henry Turczynowicz, Martha Lott After moving to Australia, an American teen convinces her new friends to form a cheer squad and take on their biggest rivals in competition. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Joel McHale Show with Joel McHale","tags":"  Joel McHale Trending news, pop culture, social media, original sketches and more come together in host Joel McHale's new weekly comedy commentary show. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Meteor Garden","tags":"  Shen Yue, Dylan Wang, Darren Chen, Connor Liang, Caesar Wu Dong Shancai is determined to excel at her dream university, where she encounters an elite clique of dashing, popular high-achievers \u2013 and finds love. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"How It Ends","tags":" David M. Rosenthal Theo James, Forest Whitaker, Kat Graham, Nicole Ari Parker, Mark O'Brien, Grace Dove When a mysterious disaster turns the country into a war zone, a young lawyer heads west with his future father-in-law to find his pregnant fianc\u00e9e. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Jim Jefferies: This Is Me Now","tags":" Scott Zabielski Jim Jefferies The gleefully irreverent Jefferies skewers \"grabby\" celebrities, political hypocrisy and his own ill-advised career moves in a brash stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Romina","tags":" Diego Cohen Francisca Lozano, Oliver Nava, Arantza Ruiz, Claudia Zepeda, Walter Bercht, Roberto Beck, Victor Bonilla, Eduardo Negrete A shocking assault inspires horrific violence when a group of teens encounters a girl from their school while camping in a remote spot. suspense,foregin,foreginsuspense,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Mossad 101","tags":"  Yehuda Levi, Yehoram Gaon, Shai Avivi, Liron Vaisman, Aki Avni, Itay Tiran, Hana Laszlo Cadets from every level of Israeli society undergo intense training to join their country's elite, highly classified intelligence service, the Mossad. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Baby Ballroom","tags":"  Warren Bullock, Jane Bullock Step into the cutthroat world of kids' ballroom dancing, where ambitious instructors, proud parents and pint-sized performers waltz to win. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Drug Lords","tags":"   Witness the stories of history's most notorious kingpins, their terrifying enforcers, and the men and women who've sworn to bring them down. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Mr. Sunshine","tags":" Lee Eung-bok Lee Byung-hun, Kim Tae-ri, Yoo Yeon-seok, Kim Min-jung, Byun Yo-han A young boy who ends up in the U.S. after the 1871 Shinmiyangyo incident returns to Korea at a historical turning point and falls for a noblewoman. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"First Team: Juventus","tags":"   Follow renowned soccer club Juventus on and off the pitch as they attempt to win a seventh straight Italian title and achieve Champions League glory. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Luciano Mellera: Infantiloide","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Luciano Mellera Argentina's Luciano Mellera emphasizes the humorous and fantastical aspects of childhood through comedic impersonations and insights on daily life. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Legacy of a Whitetail Deer Hunter","tags":" Jody Hill Josh Brolin, Danny McBride, Montana Jordan, Scoot McNairy, Carrie Coon A star of hunting videos strives to bond with his 12-year-old son on a wilderness trip but learns familial connections can't be forced. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"The Skin of the Wolf","tags":" Samu Fuentes Mario Casas, Irene Escolar, Ruth D\u00edaz An animal trapper living in an abandoned mountain town in northern Spain seeks to resolve his loneliness by securing a wife. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"White Fang","tags":" Alexandre Espigares Nick Offerman, Rashida Jones, Paul Giamatti, Eddie Spears, David Boat, Sean Kenin, Raquel Antonia, Daniel Hagen, Stephen Kramer Glickman, William Calvert, Jason Grasl, Armando Riesco A loyal wolfdog's curiosity leads him on the adventure of a lifetime while serving a series of three distinctly different masters. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Sommore: Chandelier Status","tags":" Kevin Layne Sommore Luminous funnywoman Sommore wows Miami with her unique take on body modification, Internet sex, the world of celebrities and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Felipe Esparza: They're Not Going to Laugh at You","tags":" Scott L. Montoya Felipe Esparza \"Last Comic Standing\" winner Felipe Esparza runs riot in his first comedy special with his wry comments on life as a wild man from East Los Angeles. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Joan Rivers: Don't Start with Me","tags":" Scott L. Montoya Joan Rivers At 78, Joan Rivers has no interest in slowing down, and no one's immune from her caustic barbs in this stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Katt Williams: Kattpacalypse","tags":" Marcus Raboy Katt Williams Urban comic Katt Williams ushers in Kattpacalypse, exploding with more energy than an atomic bomb and riffing on everything from Doomsday to Obama. comedycomedy"},{"title":"King of Peking","tags":" Sam Voutas Zhao Jun, Wang Naixun, Han Qing, Si Chao, Geng Bowen, Yi Long Strapped for cash, a traveling projectionist begins to run a DVD pirating business, putting him at odds with his young, skeptical son. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Anthony Kaun Hai?","tags":" Raj Kaushal Sanjay Dutt, Arshad Warsi, Minissha Lamba, Raghuvir Yadav, Anusha Dhandekar, Gulshan Grover, Ravi Baswani A forger uses a fake identity in trying to retrieve stolen diamonds buried in a penitentiary, unaware a mob assassin is on the trail of his phony alias. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bo Burnham: what.","tags":" Bo Burnham, Christopher Storer Bo Burnham Left brain and right brain duke it out \u2013 and ultimately belt out a melody \u2013 in stand-up comedian Bo Burnham's quick and clever one-man show. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Chalte Chalte","tags":" Aziz Mirza Shah Rukh Khan, Rani Mukerji, Jas Arora, Satish Shah, Rajiv Verma, Lillete Dubey, Jayshree T., Johny Lever Priya and Raj are polar opposites. Raj is brash and earthy, while Pirya is sophisticated and something of a perfectionist in all she does. They really are like oil and water, but nonetheless, they dare to fall in love. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Deewana Main Deewana","tags":" K.C. Bokadia Govinda, Priyanka Chopra, Kader Khan, Prem Chopra, Shakti Kapoor, Sharat Saxena, Himani Shivpuri, Johnny Lever A man's instant attraction to a woman becomes an obsession as he adopts a friend's identity and even commits murder in order to get closer to her. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Duck Butter","tags":" Miguel Arteta Alia Shawkat, Laia Costa, Mae Whitman, Hong Chau, Kate Berlant, Lindsay Burdge, Kumail Nanjiani, Mark Duplass, Jay Duplass, Jenny O'Hara Wary of dishonesty in relationships, two young women embark on a 24-hour experiment on intimacy, but their romance flounders as the clock winds down. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"I Am Kalam","tags":" Nila Madhab Panda Gulshan Grover, Harsh Mayar, Pitobash, Hussan Saad, Beatrice Ordeix, Sanjay Chauhan An intelligent boy born into poverty befriends the son of a once noble family and is inspired by the life of India's president to pursue an education. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"My Birthday Song","tags":" Samir Soni Sanjay Suri, Nora Fatehi, Zenia Starr, Suparna Krishna, Elena Kazan After a wild night of impulse and infidelity, advertising executive Rajiv Kaul must navigate the blurred lines between life, death, fact and fiction. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Namastey London","tags":" Vipul Amrutlal Shah Akshay Kumar, Katrina Kaif, Rishi Kapoor, Upen Patel, Javed Sheikh, Nina Wadia, Clive Standen, Tiffany Mulheron To her Indian parents' dismay, London-born Jasmeet \"Jazz\" Malhotra longs for everything Western, including her British boyfriend. On a family trip to India, her father arranges Jazz's nuptials to Arjun Ballu Singh, who's smitten with his new bride. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"NCIS","tags":"  Mark Harmon, Michael Weatherly, Pauley Perrette, David McCallum, Sean Murray, Cote de Pablo, Brian Dietzen, Rocky Carroll, Lauren Holly, Sasha Alexander, Joe Spano, Alan Dale, Emily Wickersham, Pancho Demmings Follow the quirky agents of the NCIS \u2013 the Naval Criminal Investigative Service \u2013 as they track down terrorists and other high-profile criminals. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Soul Robbers","tags":" Juan Antonio de la Riva Sof\u00eda Sisniega, Natasha Dupeyron, Ana Sof\u00eda Dur\u00e1n, Javier Escobar, Luis Gatica, Juan \u00c1ngel Esparza, Jorge Luis Moreno, Arnulfo Reyes Sanchez, Tizoc Arroyo, Jos\u00e9 Enot, Ricardo Dalmacci, Harding Junior, Claudine Sosa, Pablo Valent\u00edn During Mexico's War of Independence, a group of men face unimaginable horrors when they attempt to steal from the seemingly helpless Cordero sisters. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Tum Milo Toh Sahi","tags":" Kabir Sadanand Nana Patekar, Dimple Kapadia, Sunil Shetty, Vidya Malvade, Rehan Khan, Anjana Sukhani, Mohnish Bahl, Vrajesh Hirjee An astute but old-fashioned law clerk steps up to help the owner of a cafe in a legal battle that has both business and personal ramifications. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"What We Started","tags":" Bert Marcus, Cyrus Saidi  DJs and industry insiders offer a backstage pass to the world of electronic dance music, reflecting on its radical origins and the future of the genre. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Zoo","tags":" Shlok Sharma Shashank Arora, Shweta Tripathi, Rahul Kumar, Gopal K. Singh, Yogesh Kurme, Prince Daniel A drug dealer starts having doubts about his trade as his brother, his client, and two rappers from the slums each battle their own secret addictions. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Bill Burr: You People Are All the Same","tags":" Jay Karas Bill Burr Funnyman Bill Burr takes the stage to uncork a profanity-laced, incisive routine that pokes fun at plastic surgery, reality TV, gold diggers and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Somewhere Between","tags":"  Paula Patton, Devon Sawa, JR Bourne, Aria Birch, Catherine Barroll, Samantha Ferris, Imogen Tear, Daniel Bacon, Carmel Amit, Noel Johansen, Rebecca Staab A local news producer is given one chance to relive a deadly week and stop a serial killer. If she fails, she'll lose her daughter forever. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Maus","tags":" Yayo Herrero Alma Terzic, August Wittgenstein, Aleksandar Seksan, Sanin Milavic, Diana Fern\u00e1ndez P\u00e9rez, Ella Jazz While traveling with her German boyfriend, Selma is confronted by the violent remnants of the Bosnian War and the ethnic cleansing her family faced. suspense,foregin,foreginsuspense,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Calibre","tags":" Matt Palmer Jack Lowden, Martin McCann, Tony Curran, Ian Pirie, Cameron Jack Two lifelong friends on a hunting trip in Scotland find their nerves \u2013 and their morals \u2013 ruthlessly tested after a harrowing turn of events. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Churchill\u2019s Secret Agents: The New Recruits","tags":"   In this history-steeped reality series, 14 contestants undergo the same rigorous four-day selection process as Britain's top-secret World War II spies. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Jani Due\u00f1as: Grandes fracasos de ayer y hoy","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Jani Due\u00f1as Chilean comedian and personality Jani Due\u00f1as pours out her feelings on issues that are all too universal, from aging to dieting to sex. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kiss Me First","tags":"  Tallulah Haddon, Simona Brown, Matthew Beard, Matthew Aubrey A lonely young woman hooked on a virtual reality game befriends a party girl who leads her into a world of new thrills and dark secrets. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Penalty Kick","tags":" Rodrigo Triana Adri\u00e1n Uribe, Julieth Restrepo, Carlos Manuel Vesga, Jos\u00e9 Sefami, Mary Paz Mata, Alicia Sandoval, Teresa Monroy, Eduardo Ibarrola Convinced Mexico will lose the World Cup qualifier without him, a soccer superfan faces an impossible choice when family obligations stand in his way. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Recovery Boys","tags":" Elaine McMillion Sheldon  In a region ravaged by opioid abuse, four young men in a farming-based rehab forge a bond as they try to reinvent their lives after years of addiction. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"TAU","tags":" Federico D'Alessandro Maika Monroe, Ed Skrein, Gary Oldman Kidnapped by an inventor who uses her as a test subject to perfect his robotic AI, a street-smart young woman tries to escape her high-tech prison. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Hotel Transylvania","tags":"  Bryn McAuley, Evany Rosen, Gage Munroe, Joseph Motiki, Dan Chameroy, David Berni, John McGrath With her dad away, Mavis is so ready for adventure \u2013 if strict Aunt Lydia doesn't stop her first. Set four years before the \"Hotel Transylvania\" film. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"W. Kamau Bell: Private School Negro","tags":" Shannon Hartman W. Kamau Bell Comedian W. Kamau Bell muses on parenting in the Trump era, \"free speech\" dustups, woke children's TV and his fear of going off the grid. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Borges","tags":"  Thati Lopes, Antonio Pedro Tabet, Karina Ramil, Rafael Portugal, Luis Lobianco Left deeply in debt after their boss flees the country, four import company employees start producing online video content to keep themselves afloat. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Expelled from Paradise","tags":" Seiji Mizushima Rie Kugimiya, Wendee Lee, Shinichiro Miki, Steve Blum, Hiroshi Kamiya, Johnny Yong Bosch In the wake of a global catastrophe, the human survivors are \"uploaded\" into a cyber network, but someone or something is infiltrating the system. action,anime,fantasyaction,anime,fantasy"},{"title":"To Each, Her Own","tags":" Myriam Aziza Sarah Stern, Jean-Christophe Folly, Julia Piaton, Ari\u00e9 Elmaleh, Cl\u00e9mentine Poidatz, St\u00e9phane Debac, Richard Berry, Catherine Jacob Just as Simone works up the courage to tell her conservative Jewish family she's a lesbian, she finds herself attracted to a male Senegalese chef. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Life Sentence","tags":"  Lucy Hale Cured of what she thought was terminal cancer, Stella Abbott faces a slew of experiences \u2013 good and bad \u2013 resulting from years of \"living for today.\" dramadrama"},{"title":"Brain on Fire","tags":" Gerard Barrett Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz, Thomas Mann, Richard Armitage, Jenny Slate, Carrie-Anne Moss, Tyler Perry, Alex Zahara Stricken with seizures, psychosis and memory loss, a young New York Post reporter visits doctor after doctor in search of an elusive diagnosis. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Derren Brown: Miracle","tags":"  Derren Brown Illusionist Derren Brown reinvents the concept of \"faith healing\u201d through a series of stunts that debunk the confines of fear, pain and disbelief. foreginforegin"},{"title":"Marvel's Luke Cage","tags":"  Mike Colter, Alfre Woodard, Rosario Dawson, Simone Missick, Mahershala Ali, Erik LaRay Harvey, Theo Rossi, Frank Whaley, Frankie Faison, Sonia Braga, Ron Cephas Jones A hoodie-wearing, unbreakable ex-con fights to clear his name and save his neighborhood. He wasn't looking for a fight, but the people need a hero. action,action,dramaaction,action,drama"},{"title":"Us and Them","tags":" Rene Liu Jing Boran, Zhou Dongyu, Zhuangzhuang Tian, Qu Zheming, Zhang Zixian Two strangers meet on a train and form a bond that evolves over the years. After a separation, they reconnect and reflect on their love for each other. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Hannah Gadsby: Nanette","tags":" Madeleine Parry, Jon Olb Hannah Gadsby Australian comic Hannah Gadsby reshapes standard stand-up by pairing punchlines with personal revelations on gender, sexuality and childhood turmoil. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Club de Cuervos Presents: The Ballad of Hugo S\u00e1nchez","tags":"  Jes\u00fas Zavala, Ianis Guerrero, Mauro Mauad, Renato Gutz, Ra\u00fal Briones, Markin L\u00f3pez, Guillermo Dorantes, Martha Claudia Moreno, Aldo Escalante, Sergio Mayer, Paola Moreno, Pedro Miguel Arce Chava Iglesias's doting personal assistant Hugo S\u00e1nchez is tasked with leading Club de Cuervos to victory in Nicaragua \u2013 if only his mom will let him. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Lust Stories","tags":" Zoya Akhtar, Karan Johar, Anurag Kashyap, Dibakar Banerjee Vicky Kaushal, Bhumi Pednekar, Radhika Apte, Neha Dhupia, Manisha Koirala, Akash Thosar, Randeep Jha, Neil Bhoopalam, Jaideep Ahlawat, Sanjay Kapoor, Kiara Advani In the companion to 2013's \"Bombay Talkies,\" four short films by four of India's biggest directors explore love, sex and relationships in modern India. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Maktub","tags":" Oded Raz Guy Amir, Hanan Savyon, Itzik Cohen, Igal Naor After surviving a bomb attack, two low-level mobsters in Jerusalem change their ways and set about making strangers' Wailing Wall prayers come true. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Pacificum: Return to the Ocean","tags":" Mariana Tschudi, H\u00e9ctor G\u00e1lvez  Four scientists offer a sweeping yet intimate exploration of Peru's majestic coastline by land, sea and air. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Set It Up","tags":" Claire Scanlon Zoey Deutch, Glen Powell, Lucy Liu, Taye Diggs, Meredith Hagner, Pete Davidson, Tituss Burgess In desperate need of a break from the office, two beleaguered assistants team up to trick their workaholic bosses into falling in love. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Sunday's Illness","tags":" Ram\u00f3n Salazar B\u00e1rbara Lennie, Susi S\u00e1nchez, Miguel \u00c1ngel Sol\u00e1, Richard Bohringer Decades after being abandoned as a young child, Chiara finds her mother and asks her to spend 10 days together in a remote location. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The last hour","tags":" Eduardo Mendoza de Echave Pietro Sibille, Nidia Bermejo, To\u00f1o Vega, Tommy P\u00e1rraga, Fausto Molina, Katerina D'Onofrio, Haysen Percovich, Emilram Coss\u00edo, Sandro Calder\u00f3n, Tony Dulzaidez In this compelling true story, two Peruvian detectives go undercover to locate and capture the elusive leader of the Shining Path guerrilla army. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Alex Strangelove","tags":" Craig Johnson Daniel Doheny, Madeline Weinstein, Antonio Marziale, Daniel Zolghadri, Annie Q., Nik Dodani, Fred Hechinger, Kathryn Erbe, Isabella Amara, Sophie Faulkenberry High school senior Alex Truelove's plan to lose his virginity to lovable girlfriend Claire goes awry when he meets the equally lovable Elliot. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ali's Wedding","tags":" Jeffrey Walker Osamah Sami, Don Hany, Helana Sawires, Frances Duca, Majid Shokor, Rodney Afif, Ghazi Alkinani, Ryan Corr After telling a white lie that spins out of control, the son of an Iraqi-born cleric in Melbourne becomes torn between family duty and his own heart. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Franco Escamilla: Por la an\u00e9cdota","tags":" Ulises Valencia Franco Escamilla Mexican stand-up comedian Franco Escamilla draws his jokes from real-life experiences \u2013 and he's willing to do anything for new material. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Staircase","tags":"   Accident or murder? After the mysterious death of his wife, author Michael Peterson watches his life go under the microscope. action,documental,suspenseaction,documental,suspense"},{"title":"The Night Shift","tags":"  Eoin Macken, Jill Flint, Freddy Rodr\u00edguez, Ken Leung, Brendan Fehr, Jeananne Goossen, J.R. Lemon, Robert Bailey Jr., Daniella Alonso, Catharine Pilafas After returning from a dangerous tour of duty, an Army doctor finds that working the night shift at a San Antonio hospital can be treacherous, too. dramadrama"},{"title":"Dinosaur King","tags":"  Megumi Matsumoto, Matsuri Mizuguchi, Tomoko Kobashi, Asuka Tanii, Seiko Tamura, Veronica Taylor, Sebastian Arcelus, Kether Donohue, Rachael Lillis, Madeleine Blaustein Aided by tablets found near a downed meteorite, Max, Rex and Zoe race the evil Alpha Gang as they travel the globe in search of living dinosaurs. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"B.A. Pass 2","tags":" Shadab Khan Kritika Sachdeva, Sasho, Sanghmitra Hitaishi, Indraneil Sengupta, Saurabh Dubey, Shubhangi Latkar, Sukhbir Kaur Lamba, Arav Chowdharry A young woman eager to avoid an arranged marriage moves to Mumbai, where she learns hard truths about show business, life and love. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Bad Genius","tags":" Nattawut Poonpiriya Chutimon Chuengcharoensukying, Chanon Santinatornkul, Teeradon Supapunpinyo, Eisaya Hosuwan, Thaneth Warakulnukroh, Sarinrat Thomas, Ego Mikitas, Pasin Kuansataporn, Sahajak Boonthanakit, Kanjana Vinaipanid A top student gets pulled into a cheating racket with increasingly higher risks and even higher rewards. But she may lose much more than she gains. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"November 13: Attack on Paris","tags":"   Survivors and first responders share personal stories of anguish, kindness and bravery that unfolded amid the Paris terror attacks of Nov. 13, 2015. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Outside In","tags":" Lynn Shelton Jay Duplass, Edie Falco, Kaitlyn Dever, Ben Schwartz, Louis Hobson, Alycia Delmore, Pamela Reed, Matt Malloy, Aaron Blakely After serving time for a crime he didn\u2019t commit, a 38-year-old man forms a complicated, life-altering bond with the woman who advocated for his early release. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Pedal the World","tags":" Felix Starck Felix Starck Over the course of one memorable and adventure-filled year, Felix Starck documents his 18,000-kilometer bicycle journey across 22 countries. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt","tags":"  Ellie Kemper, Jane Krakowski, Tituss Burgess, Carol Kane When a woman is rescued from a doomsday cult and lands in New York City, she must navigate a world she didn\u2019t think even existed anymore. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Arrested Development","tags":"  Jason Bateman, Portia de Rossi, Will Arnett, Michael Cera, Alia Shawkat, Tony Hale, David Cross, Jeffrey Tambor, Jessica Walter, Ron Howard It's the Emmy-winning story of a wealthy family that lost everything, and the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Break with Michelle Wolf","tags":"   Nobody's safe as Michelle Wolf unapologetically takes aim in this weekly topical show that blends sketches with live comedy and in-studio guests. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Sara's Notebook","tags":" Norberto L\u00f3pez Amado Bel\u00e9n Rueda, Marian \u00c1lvarez, Iv\u00e1n Mendes, Manolo Cardona, Nick Devlin, Florin Opritescu A naive Madrid lawyer travels to Africa to search for her younger sister, who has gone missing in a part of Congo plagued by violence and strife. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Something in the Rain","tags":"  Son Ye-jin, Jung Hae-in, Jang So-yeon Reunited with her best friend\u2019s younger brother, who\u2019s back from a stint abroad, a recently dumped career woman begins to see him in a new light. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Fernando Sanjiao: Hombre","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Fernando Sanjiao Argentine actor and comedian Fernando Sanjiao uses humor and impersonations to explore the concepts of masculinity and fatherhood in modern times. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ibiza","tags":" Alex Richanbach Gillian Jacobs, Vanessa Bayer, Phoebe Robinson, Richard Madden, Michaela Watkins, F\u00e9lix G\u00f3mez When Harper is sent to Spain for an important work meeting, her hard-partying friends tag along and convince her to pursue a fling with a famous DJ. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Steve Martin and Martin Short: An Evening You Will Forget for the Rest of Your Life","tags":" Marcus Raboy Steve Martin, Martin Short Longtime pals and showbiz icons Steve Martin and Martin Short share countless quips, catchy tunes and hilarious stories about their lives in comedy. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Trollhunters","tags":"  Kelsey Grammer, Anton Yelchin, Charlie Saxton, Lexi Medrano, Fred Tatasciore, Clancy Brown, Mark Hamill, Ron Perlman, Steven Yeun, Amy Landecker, Jonathan Hyde, Anjelica Huston, Lena Headey, David Bradley, Tom Kenny, Laraine Newman, Grey Griffin, James Purefoy After uncovering a mysterious amulet, an average teen assumes an unlikely destiny and sets out to save two worlds. Created by Guillermo del Toro. family,action,fantasyfamily,action,fantasy"},{"title":"Mob Psycho 100","tags":"  Tatsuomi Hamada, Kazuki Namioka, Yuki Yoda, Ayumu Mochizuki, Atsushi Arai, Akio Otsuka, Moro Morooka There's an organization gathering espers for a nefarious purpose. Powerful psychic Mob, however, is just trying to be the protagonist of his own life. foregin,action,comedyforegin,action,comedy"},{"title":"Tig Notaro Happy To Be Here","tags":" Tig Notaro Tig Notaro Comedian Tig Notaro unleashes her inner prankster in a playful stand-up special packed with funny anecdotes, parenting confessions and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Catching Feelings","tags":" Kagiso Lediga Kagiso Lediga, Pearl Thusi, Akin Omotoso, Andrew Buckland Amid growing tensions in their marriage, a Johannesburg professor and his journalist wife find their lives upended by a famous, hard-partying author. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Inspector Gadget","tags":"  Ivan Sherry, Tara Strong, Martin Roach, Scott McCord, Lyon Smith, Derek McGrath Inspector Gadget is back and must face his old enemy, the evil Dr. Claw, who has reactivated MAD, his global crime syndicate. action,family,comedyaction,family,comedy"},{"title":"Katt Williams: American Hustle (The Movie)","tags":" Brit McAdams Katt Williams, Da Brat, Snoop Dogg, Tamala Jones, Jeremy Piven, Ludacris, Melanie Comarcho, Red Grant, Alphonso Mcauley, Damaine Radcliff, Taran Killam An aspiring actor leaves Hollywood and takes to the road to do stand-up after he's cast in a series of increasingly stereotypical \"black\" roles. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Food on the Go","tags":" Mercedes Cordova  Epicureans and experts trace the migration of Italian cuisine and its evolution in the Americas, delving into the ideas of origin, diaspora and heritage. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Aiyaary","tags":" Neeraj Pandey Sidharth Malhotra, Manoj Bajpayee, Rakul Preet Singh, Pooja Chopra, Adil Hussain, Kumud Mishra, Naseeruddin Shah, Anupam Kher, Vikram Gokhale, Juhi Babbar When his prot\u00e9g\u00e9 goes rogue and poses a grave threat to the government he serves, a veteran officer of the Indian Army tries to stop him at all costs. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Lupin the 3rd: The Castle of Cagliostro: Special Edition","tags":" Hayao Miyazaki Yasuo Yamada, Kiyoshi Kobayashi, Eiko Masuyama, Makio Inoue, Goro Naya, Sumi Shimamoto, Taro Ishida, Kohei Miyauchi, Ichiro Nagai Lupin, his sidekick, Jigen, and the samurai warrior Goemon set out to take over an evil counterfeit operation at Count Cagliostro's fortress. action,anime,classicaction,anime,classic"},{"title":"Saint Seiya: The Lost Canvas","tags":"  Tetsuya Kakihara, Hiro Shimono, Aya Hirano, Atsushi Abe, Sanae Kobayashi, Kenta Miyake, Tomohiro Tsuboi, Nana Mizuki, Shigeru Chiba This anime adventure follows the battle between a saint of Athena and an avatar of Hades who's working on a painting that could destroy the world. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Ali Wong: Hard Knock Wife","tags":" Jay Karas Ali Wong Two years after the hit \"Baby Cobra,\" Ali Wong is back with another baby bump \u2013 and a torrent of hilarious truths about marriage and motherhood. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Spivak","tags":" Anthony Abrams, Adam Larson Broder Michael Bacall, Maggie Lawson, Elden Henson, Robert Kazinsky, Mark Webber, Chloe Wepper Struggling writer Wally Spivak is stuck in a rut \u2013 until he meets an engaged couple and starts to see life in a whole new way. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Bill Nye Saves the World","tags":"  Bill Nye, Karlie Kloss, Derek Muller, Emily Calandrelli, Nazeem Hussain, Joanna Hausmann Emmy-winning host Bill Nye brings experts and famous guests to his lab for a talk show exploring scientific issues that touch our lives. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Carlos Ballarta: Furia \u00d1era","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Carlos Ballarta Mexican comic Carlos Ballarta mocks himself and points out the absurdities of parenthood and how he uses his wife's pregnancies to avoid commitments. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Evil Genius","tags":" Trey Borzillieri, Barbara Schroeder  This baffling true crime story starts with the grisly death of a pizza man who robs a bank with a bomb around his neck \u2013 and gets weirder from there. action,documental,suspenseaction,documental,suspense"},{"title":"The Kissing Booth","tags":" Vince Marcello Joey King, Joel Courtney, Jacob Elordi, Molly Ringwald When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school, she risks her relationship with her best friend. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"The Who Was? Show","tags":"  Haley Tju, Adam Hochstetter, Kirrilee Berger, Lilla Crawford, Bentley Green, Zach Timson, Andrew Daly, H. Jon Benjamin Fresh voices bring some of the most famous names in history to life. A live-action sketch comedy show based on the series of best-selling books. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Hari Kondabolu: Warn Your Relatives","tags":" Bobcat Goldthwait Hari Kondabolu Hari Kondabolu breaks down identity politics, celebrity encounters, his mango obsession and more in an unpredictable stand-up comedy special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"My Fuhrer","tags":" Dani Levy Helge Schneider, Ulrich M\u00fche, Sylvester Groth, Adriana Altaras, Stefan Kurt, Ulrich Noethen, Lambert Hamel, Udo Kroschwald, Torsten Michaelis, Axel Werner Germany's most celebrated actor is commissioned by Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels to prepare the leader of the Third Reich to deliver a speech. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Family Blood","tags":" Sonny Mallhi James Ransone, Vinessa Shaw, Ajiona Alexus, Colin Ford A former addict moves to a new city with her children for a fresh start, but her struggle soon takes on an unexpected, supernatural dimension. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Pup Star: World Tour","tags":" Robert Vince Jed Ress, Makenzie Moss, Denisse Ojeda, Reggie De Leon, David DeLuise, Kaitlyn Maher, Jorge Diaz, George Newbern, Diedrich Bader, Mackenzie Sol Talented pooches from around the world compete to be the next Pup Star, but behind-the-scenes schemes threaten to ruin the fun. family,comedy,musicfamily,comedy,music"},{"title":"A Little Help with Carol Burnett","tags":"  Carol Burnett, Russell Peters, Mark Cuban, Taraji P. Henson, Brittany Snow, Wanda Sykes, Derek Hough, Billy Eichner, Lisa Kudrow, Candace Cameron Bure, DJ Khaled, Tony Hale, Julie Bowen Comedy icon Carol Burnett returns to TV with a panel of clever kids, who help adults and celebrity guests solve their problems with brutal honesty. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Anon","tags":" Andrew Niccol Clive Owen, Amanda Seyfried, Colm Feore, Sonya Walger, Mark O'Brien, Joe Pingue, Iddo Goldberg, Sebastian Pigott, Rachel Roberts, Ethan Tavares In a future where technology has rendered privacy obsolete, a detective investigates a serial assassin who has been deleted from all visual records. drama,fantasy,suspensedrama,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Dany Boon: Des Hauts De France","tags":" Isabelle Nanty Dany Boon In an eclectic one-man show, French superstar Dany Boon reflects on his homeland, his first comedy gig and the challenges of parenting hostile teens. comedycomedy"},{"title":"End Game","tags":" Rob Epstein, Jeffrey Friedman  Facing an inevitable outcome, terminally ill patients meet extraordinary medical practitioners seeking to change our approach to life and death. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Forgive Us Our Debts","tags":" Antonio Morabito Marco Giallini, Claudio Santamaria, Jerzy Stuhr, Flonja Kodheli Threatened by creditors, a newly unemployed man agrees to work for a debt collector, but soon discovers his deal with the devil has unexpected costs. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Kong: King of the Apes","tags":"  Lee Tockar, Sam Vincent, Alessandro Juliani, Tabitha St. Germain, Kathleen Barr, Viv Leacock, Shannon Chan-Kent, Vincent Tong In 2050, an evil scientist is about to unleash an army of robotic dinosaurs. Now it's up to Kong and friends to fight back and save the day. familyfamily"},{"title":"Lo m\u00e1s sencillo es complicarlo todo","tags":" Rene Bueno Danna Paola, Marjorie De Sousa, Alosian Vivancos, Daniela Wong, Lalo Brito, Eduardo Tan\u00fas, Paulina Matos, Fernando Sarfati, Lorena San Mart\u00edn, Consuelo Vega When a 17-year-old learns the TV news host she pines for is engaged, she and her best friend launch an elaborate plan to prevent his marriage. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Manhunt","tags":" John Woo Zhang Hanyu, Masaharu Fukuyama, Qi Wei, Ji-won Ha, Jun Kunimura, Angeles Woo, Nanami Sakuraba A Chinese pharmaceutical lawyer framed for a vile crime teams up with a sharp-witted Japanese detective to stop a dangerous corporate plot. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Thi Mai","tags":" Patricia Ferreira Carmen Machi, Adriana Ozores, Aitana S\u00e1nchez-Gij\u00f3n, Dani Rovira, Eric Nguyen, Pedro Casablanc, Jos\u00e9 Troncoso, Jos\u00e9 Burgos, Ana L\u00f3pez, Pedro Miguel Mart\u00ednez, Nguyen Ngan Ha Along with her two friends, a determined woman travels to Vietnam to bring home the baby her recently deceased daughter had planned to adopt. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Si saben c\u00f3mo me pongo \u00bfp\u00e1 qu\u00e9 me invitan?","tags":" Fernando Ayll\u00f3n Ricardo Quevedo, Iv\u00e1n Mar\u00edn, Freddy Beltr\u00e1n, Nelson Polan\u00eda, Fabiola Posada, Liss Pereira, Jessica Sanjuan, Lina Cardona When four unhappy couples attend a spiritual retreat at a resort to try and solve their relationship troubles, shenanigans ensue. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Jailbreak","tags":" Jimmy Henderson Jean-Paul Ly, Dara Our, Tharoth Sam, Dara Phang, Celine Tran, Savin Phillip, Sok Visal Four cops escorting a mobster to a high-security prison fight for survival when a gang boss orchestrates a riot from outside to silence their charge. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Ajji","tags":" Devashish Makhija Sushama Deshpande, Abhishek Banerjee, Smita Tambe, Sharvani Suryavanshi, Vikas Kumar, Sadiya Siddiqui, Sudhir Pandey, Manuj Sharma When her small granddaughter is sexually assaulted by a powerful man and no justice is served, a poor, frail old woman plots her violent revenge. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"CIA: Comrade in America","tags":" Amal Neerad Dulquer Salmaan, Karthika Muraleedharan, Siddique, Soubin Shahir, Dileesh Pothan, John Vijay, Chandini Sreedharan, Jinu Joseph, Sujith Shankar, Alencier Ley Lopez A young man in Kerala has two weeks to stop the woman he loves from a fixed marriage in the U.S., but he doesn't have the papers to get there. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Coffee for All","tags":" Fluvio Iannuci, Roly Santos  In Naples, Buenos Aires and New York, people reflect on the Neapolitan tradition of \"suspended coffee\" and how it changed their lives. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Darc","tags":" Julius R. Nasso Tony Schiena, Armand Assante, Kippei Shiina, Sho Ikushima, Vienna Hehir, Tetsu Watanabe, Grand Master John U. Kim, Dawn Olivieri To bring down a global human trafficking ring, an Interpol agent recruits the help of a brutal criminal with inside knowledge of the yakuza. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Despido Procedente","tags":" Lucas Figueroa Imanol Arias, Dar\u00edo Grandinetti, Hugo Silva, Luis Luque, Miguel \u00c1ngel Sol\u00e1, Tom\u00e1s Pozzi, Valeria Alonso A Spaniard working in Argentina sees his life upended after accidentally giving bad directions to a passerby, who demands compensation for the error. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"John Mulaney: Kid Gorgeous at Radio City","tags":" Alex Timbers John Mulaney John Mulaney relays stories from his childhood and \u201cSNL,\u201d eviscerates the value of college and laments getting older in this electric comedy special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"My Perfect Romance","tags":" Justin G. Dyck Kimberly-Sue Murray, Christopher Russell, Lauren Holly, Jodie Sweetin, Morgan Fairchild Just in time for Valentine's Day, a program developer pitches a revolutionary dating algorithm to her new CEO, who volunteers them as guinea pigs. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Simon","tags":"  Loti Bailey, Hayden Connett, Keith Faulkner, Rudy Greatorex, Luke Haliwell, Jacob Preston, Joanna Ruiz, Alex Starke With his vivid imagination, Simon the rabbit searches for fun while learning about the importance of responsibility and communication. familyfamily"},{"title":"Sometimes","tags":" Priyadarshan Prakash Raj, Shreya Reddy, Ashok Selvan Seven strangers anxiously waiting for their HIV test results decide to bribe the clinic receptionist to get them early, learning one is positive. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Clapper","tags":" Dito Montiel Ed Helms, Amanda Seyfried, Tracy Morgan, Brenda Vaccaro, P.J. Byrne, Leah Remini, Mickey Gooch Jr., Adam Levine, Russell Peters, Alan Thicke A newcomer ekes out a living in LA as a professional audience member on infomercials, but life gets complicated when he's thrust into the spotlight. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Toc Toc","tags":" Vicente Villanueva Paco Le\u00f3n, Alexandra Jim\u00e9nez, Rossy de Palma, Nuria Herrero, Adri\u00e1n Lastra, Oscar Mart\u00ednez, Inma Cuevas, Ana Rujas, Carolina Lapausa A group of patients with OCD wait for their flight-delayed doctor to arrive for their appointments, forcing them to endure each other's oddball quirks. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Black Crows","tags":"  Rashed Al Shamrani, Sayed Rajab, Dina Talaat, Mohamad Al Ahmad, Maram Al Bloushi, Mahmoud Bu Shehri, Aseel Omran, Mona Shaddad, Azeez Khayoun, Ayman Mabrouk, Eisa Diab, Dima Al Jundi This drama portrays women and kids living under the Islamic State group: a Yazidi slave, an undercover reporter, a recruited mom and child snipers. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Running Shaadi","tags":" Amit Roy Amit Sadh, Tapsee Pannu, Arsh Bajwa, Brijendra Kala, Mahavir Bhullar, Pankaj Jha, Neeta Mohindra A Bihari migrant runs a successful service to help couples elope, until the daughter of his former boss stirs the pot. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Price of Success","tags":" Teddy Lussi-Modeste Tahar Rahim, Ma\u00efwenn Le Besco, Roschdy Zem, Gr\u00e9goire Colin, Sultan, Ali Marhyar, Camille Lellouche, Sa\u00efda Bekkouche, Meriem Serbah, Salma Lahmer Struggling to balance family ties and a career, a rising comedian of Parisian banlieue roots learns the true price of fame. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Candy Jar","tags":" Ben Shelton Christina Hendricks, Helen Hunt, Uzo Aduba, Sami Gayle, Jacob Latimore Dueling high school debate champs who are at odds on just about everything forge ahead with ambitious plans to get into the colleges of their dreams. family,drama,romancefamily,drama,romance"},{"title":"Holy Goalie","tags":" Curro Vel\u00e1zquez Karra Elejalde, Alain Hern\u00e1ndez, Juan Manuel Montilla, Joel Bosqued, Macarena Garc\u00eda, Tito Valverde, Paco Rueda, Guillermo Furiase, Txema Blasco, Paco Sagarzazu A young priest coaches a team of uncoordinated monks in order to win a soccer tournament and save their monastery from being turned into a hotel. comedy,foregin,sportscomedy,foregin,sports"},{"title":"The Rachel Divide","tags":" Laura Brownson  Rachel Dolezal, her family and her critics reckon with the aftermath of a national debate sparked by questions about her racial identity. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Week Of","tags":" Robert Smigel Adam Sandler, Chris Rock, Steve Buscemi, Rachel Dratch, Allison Strong, Roland Buck III, Katie Hartman, Chloe Himmelman, Jake Lippmann, Jim Barone, June Gable Two fathers with clashing views about their children's upcoming wedding struggle to keep it together during the chaotic week before the big day. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Enissa Amani: Ehrenwort","tags":" Max Amini Enissa Amani Live from Hamburg, Iranian-German comedian Enissa Amani shares her take on German engineering, tax deductions and online fan-mail etiquette. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Bill Nye: Science Guy","tags":" Jason Sussberg, David Alvarado Bill Nye, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Eugenie Scott, Francis Collins, Ann Druyan The dynamic, bow-tied host behind the young adult science show faces climate-change skeptics as he demonstrates the importance of scientific evidence. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Fishtronaut: The Movie","tags":" C\u00e9lia Catunda, Kiko Mistrorigo, Rodrigo Eba F\u00e1bio Lucindo, Celso Alves, Fernanda Bullara Fishtronaut, Marina and Zeek travel to the big city in search of Grandpa, only to find that everyone else has mysteriously vanished too. familyfamily"},{"title":"Psychokinesis","tags":" Sang-ho Yeon Ryu Seung-ryong, Shim Eun-kyung, Jung-min Park, Min-jae Kim, Yu-mi Jung Suddenly possessed with supernatural powers, a father sets out to help his estranged daughter, who's at risk of losing everything she's lived for. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Kevin James: Never Don't Give Up","tags":" Andy Fickman Kevin James Kevin James makes his long-awaited return to stand-up in this family-friendly special, dishing on fatherhood, fans, his disdain for allergies and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Dude","tags":" Olivia Milch Lucy Hale, Kathryn Prescott, Alexandra Shipp, Awkwafina, Alex Wolff, Brooke Smith, Jerry MacKinnon, Ronen Rubenstein, Satya Bhabha, Sydney Lucas Four best friends navigate loss and major life changes \u2013 and smoke a lot of weed \u2013 during their last two weeks of high school. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kodachrome","tags":" Mark Raso Ed Harris, Jason Sudeikis, Elizabeth Olsen A record company exec joins his estranged dad, a famous photographer who's dying, on a road trip to the last lab still developing Kodachrome film. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Mercury 13","tags":" David Sington, Heather Walsh  After rigorous testing in 1961, a small group of skilled female pilots are asked to step aside when only men are selected for spaceflight. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"All The Reasons To Forget","tags":" Pedro Coutinho Johnny Massaro, Bianca Comparato, Regina Braga, Maria Laura Nogueira, Victor Mendes, Thiago Amaral, Rafael Primot, Eduardo Mossri, Rita Batata, Larissa Ferrara A Brazilian man tries a myriad of ways to get over his breakup with his girlfriend but is surprised to learn it's more difficult than he anticipated. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Charit\u00e9","tags":"  Alicia von Rittberg, Maximilian Meyer-Bretschneider, Justus von Dohn\u00e1nyi, Matthias Koeberlin, Christoph Bach, Ernst St\u00f6tzner, Klara Deutschmann, Ramona Kunze-Libnow, Daniel Str\u00e4\u00dfer, Tanja Schleiff, Monika Oschek, Emilia Sch\u00fcle, Matthias Brenner, Thomas Loibl At Berlin's Charit\u00e9 hospital in 1888, Ida finds romance, a path to her dream job and an inside look into cures for tuberculosis and diphtheria. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The Chalet","tags":"  Chlo\u00e9 Lambert, Philippe Dusseau, Emilie de Preissac, Marc Ruchmann, Blanche Veisberg, Eric Savin, Nicolas Gob, Catherine Vinatier, Thierry Godard Friends gathered at a remote chalet in the French Alps for a summer getaway are caught in a deadly trap as a dark secret from the past comes to light. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Honeymoon Stand Up Special","tags":"  Natasha Leggero, Moshe Kasher Impending parenthood does funny things to Natasha Leggero and Moshe Kasher, who dissect family, relationships and more in a trio of stand-up specials. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Beyond Skyline","tags":" Liam O'Donnell Frank Grillo, Bojana Novakovic, Jonny Weston, Callan Mulvey, Antonio Fargas, Yayan Ruhian, Pamelyn Chee, Jacob Vargas, Iko Uwais In the wake of an extraterrestrial invasion, a suspended L.A. cop teams up with survivors to stop the onslaught and rescue human captives. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Come Sunday","tags":" Joshua Marston Chiwetel Ejiofor, Martin Sheen, Danny Glover, Jason Segel, Condola Rashad, Lakeith Stanfield, Stacey Sargeant, Vondie Curtis-Hall A crisis of faith sets renowned fundamentalist preacher Carlton Pearson on a new spiritual path that jeopardizes everything he holds dear. drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"I Am not an Easy Man","tags":" Eleonore Pourriat Vincent Elbaz, Marie-Sophie Ferdane, Pierre Benezit, Blanche Gardin, Celine Menville A shameless chauvinist gets a taste of his own medicine when he wakes up in a world dominated by women and locks horns with a powerful female author. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Magic School Bus Rides Again","tags":"  Kate McKinnon, Miles Koseleci-Vieira, Mikaela Blake, Gabby Clarke, Leke Maceda-Rustecki, Matthew Mintz, Lynsey Pham, Birva Pandya, Kaden Stephen, Lily Tomlin Ms. Frizzle's kid sister Fiona takes the wheel at Walkerville Elementary, leading the class on wild adventures packed with science-fueled fun. familyfamily"},{"title":"Pickpockets","tags":" Peter Webber Carlos Bardem, Natalia Reyes, Emiliano Pernia, Duban Prado, Marcela Mar Aspiring teen thieves learn what it takes to be successful pickpockets on the streets of Bogot\u00e1 from a master in the arts of trickery and deception. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Greg Davies: You Magnificent Beast","tags":" Peter Orton Greg Davies British comedian Greg Davies revisits terrifying dates, manscaping disasters, his father's pranks and more in a savagely funny stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"AMO","tags":"  Derek Ramsay, Vince Rillon, Allen Dizon, Felix Roco, Ruby Ruiz Despite the Philippine government's crackdown on narcotics, high schooler Joseph expands his drug running while his cop uncle profits from corruption. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"6 Balloons","tags":" Marja Lewis Ryan Abbi Jacobson, Dave Franco, Jane Kaczmarek, Tim Matheson, Charlotte Carel, Madeline Carel, Maya Erskine, Dawan Owens, Jen Tullock A loyal sister struggles to stay afloat while driving her heroin-addicted brother to a detox center and looking after his 2-year-old daughter. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Amateur","tags":" Ryan Koo Michael Rainey Jr., Josh Charles, Brian White, Sharon Leal, Ashlee Brian, Corey Parker Robinson After he's recruited to an elite prep school, a 14-year-old basketball phenom is confronted by corruption and greed in amateur sports. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Orbiter 9","tags":" Hatem Khraiche Clara Lago, Alex Gonzalez, Andr\u00e9s Parra, Bel\u00e9n Rueda A woman who's been alone on a spaceship her whole life becomes enamored with an engineer who suddenly enters her life and upends her universe. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Ram Dass, Going Home","tags":" Derek Peck Ram Dass From his home on Maui, pioneering researcher, author and spiritual teacher Ram Dass reflects on love, life and death as his own days draw to a close. documental,religiondocumental,religion"},{"title":"Seth Rogen's Hilarity for Charity","tags":" Ryan Polito Seth Rogen, Ike Barinholtz, Michael Che, Sacha Baron Cohen, Jeff Goldblum, Tiffany Haddish, Chris Hardwick, Nick Kroll, John Mulaney, Kumail Nanjiani, Chelsea Peretti, Craig Robinson & The Nasty Delicious, Lauren Miller Rogen, Justin Roiland, Sarah Silverman, Michelle Wolf Seth Rogen and friends combine stand-up, sketches and music for an outrageous comedy special that could only come from the mind of Seth. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Sun Dogs","tags":" Jennifer Morrison Michael Angarano, Melissa Benoist, Xzibit, Allison Janney, Ed O'Neill, J.R. Ramirez, Eric Christian Olsen, Niko Nicotera, Nicholas Massouh, Alexander Wraith, Fernando Chien, Tom Berninger Rejected by the Marines but eager to serve his country after 9\/11, a simple-minded man performs amateur terrorist surveillance with a young runaway. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Todo lo que ser\u00eda Lucas Lauriente","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Lucas Lauriente In his stand-up set, Argentine comic Lucas Lauriente animatedly rattles off reflections on different generations and begs kids to stop saying \"goals.\" comedycomedy"},{"title":"Troy","tags":"  Louis Hunter, Bella Dayne, Frances O'Connor, David Threlfall, Chloe Pirrie, Tom Weston-Jones, Alfred Enoch, Jonas Armstrong Searching for the woman promised to him by Aphrodite, herdsman Paris learns his true identity and falls for Helen of Sparta, igniting the Trojan War. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Wakfu","tags":"  Fanny Bloc, Jules De Jongh, Patrick B\u00e9thune, Hugo Chandor, Thierry Mercier, Matthew G\u00e9czy, Benjamin Pascal, Arthur Bostrom, Genevi\u00e8ve Doang, Adeline Chetail, Jessica Bell, Thomas Guitard, Ross Grant, G\u00e9rard Surugue, Kier Stewart, Beno\u00eet Allemane, Bruno Magne Yugo, a 12-year-old Eliatrope with special powers, sets out on a mission to find his true family and uncover the mysteries of Wakfu. familyfamily"},{"title":"Day of the Dead: Bloodline","tags":" H\u00e8ctor Hern\u00e1ndez Vicens Johnathon Schaech, Sophie Skelton, Marcus Vanco, Jeff Gum, Lillian Blankenship, Ulyana Chan, Shari Watson, Atanas Srebrev A former medical student battles for survival against an evil human-zombie hybrid determined to destroy her, in this reimagining of the 1985 classic. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Fary Is the New Black","tags":" Kader Aoun Fary Armed with sly wit, a fresh outlook and plenty of style, French comedy star Fary veers from dating to stereotypes and beyond in this exclusive special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ittefaq","tags":" Abhay Chopra Sidharth Malhotra, Sonakshi Sinha, Akshaye Khanna A homemaker and a writer are prime suspects \u2013 and the only witnesses \u2013 in a double murder, and it\u2019s up to one detective to uncover the elusive truth. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Star Trek: The Next Generation","tags":"  Patrick Stewart, Jonathan Frakes, LeVar Burton, Michael Dorn, Marina Sirtis, Brent Spiner, Gates McFadden, Majel Barrett, Wil Wheaton Decades after the adventures of the original Enterprise crew, Capt. Jean-Luc Picard leads a new Enterprise on missions to explore unknown worlds. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"A Sort of Family","tags":" Diego Lerman B\u00e1rbara Lennie, Daniel Ar\u00e1oz, Claudio Tolcachir, Paula Cohen, Yanina \u00c1vila An Argentine doctor faces legal and ethical challenges when she travels to the countryside to pick up the infant she has been waiting to adopt. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Billu","tags":" Priyadarshan Irrfan Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Lara Dutta, Rajpal Yadav, Om Puri, Asrani, Manoj Joshi An Indian village is abuzz with news that a major movie star is coming to town \u2013 even more so because the town barber went to school with him. But as the day of the actor's visit approaches, the humble barber begins to worry he won't be recognized. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Fallet","tags":"  Lisa Henni, Adam Godley, Tomas von Br\u00f6mssen, Lia Boysen, Christoffer Nordenrot, Stina Rautelin, Erik Madsen, Magnus Krepper, Meliz Karlge, Linda Nilarve, Bj\u00f6rn Granath, Richenda Carey, Dag Malmberg A Swedish detective and her timid British colleague's attempt to solve a gruesome murder case nets mixed results and miscommunication. action,foregin,comedyaction,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"John Mulaney: New in Town","tags":" Ryan Polito John Mulaney Stand-up comedian John Mulaney tackles such red-hot topics as quicksand, Motown singers and an elderly man he once met in a bathroom. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Loaded","tags":"  Jim Howick, Samuel Anderson, Jonny Sweet, Nick Helm, Mary McCormack, Aimee-Ffion Edwards, Lolly Adefope Four friends become overnight millionaires after selling their video game start-up. But their newfound status tests their friendship and resolve. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Main Hoon Na","tags":" Farah Khan Shah Rukh Khan, Sunil Shetty, Sushmita Sen, Zayed Khan, Amrita Rao, Kiron Kher, Boman Irani, Bindu, Naseeruddin Shah, Kabir Bedi Major Ram Prasad Sharma yearns to see project Mission Milaap come to fruition and usher in an era of peace between two warring countries. But the evil Raghavan will do anything to stop the peace process. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Metro","tags":" Ananda Krishnan Yogi Babu, Bobby Simha, Shirish Disgusted by the gold-chain snatchers in his home city of Chennai, a man vows to combat the criminal menace by taking the law into his own hands. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Om Shanti Om","tags":" Farah Khan Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Shreyas Talpade, Arjun Rampal, Kirron Kher, Javed Sheikh Reincarnated 30 years after being killed in a suspicious on-set fire, a small-time actor is determined to punish the person who ignited the blaze. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Paheli","tags":" Amol Palekar Shah Rukh Khan, Rani Mukerji, Anupam Kher, Dilip Prabhavalkar, Amitabh Bachchan, Juhi Chawla, Nina Kulkarni, Rajpal Yadav Traditional Indian folklore comes alive in this charming film based on a story by Statwart Vijaydan Detha. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani","tags":" Aziz Mirza Shah Rukh Khan, Juhi Chawla, Paresh Rawal, Satish Shah, Dilip Tahil, Govind Namdeo, Smita Jaykar, Shakti Kapoor, Johnny Lever In this Bollywood entertainment, two journalists, Ajay and Ria, work for rival TV stations and compete heavily to mask their feelings for each other. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Doctor Foster","tags":"  Suranne Jones, Bertie Carvel, Clare-Hope Ashitey, Cheryl Campbell, Jodie Comer, Victoria Hamilton, Martha Howe-Douglas, Adam James, Thusitha Jayasundera, Sara Stewart, Neil Stuke, Tom Taylor, Robert Pugh, Shazia Nicholls, Cian Barry, Megan Roberts, Charlie Cunniffe, Navin Chowdhry When she suspects her husband is cheating on her, Dr. Gemma Foster starts an investigation that leads her down a dark path of obsession. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Revolt","tags":" Joe Miale Lee Pace, B\u00e9r\u00e9nice Marlohe, Jason Flemyng, Sibulele Gcilitshana, Wandile Molebatsi, Sekoati Sk Tsubane, Leroy Gopal, Welile Nzunza, Patrick Bakoba, Tom Fairfoot Following a devastating alien invasion, an American soldier and a French foreign aid worker attempt to find refuge in the Kenyan countryside. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"First Match","tags":" Olivia Newman Elvire Emanuelle, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Colman Domingo, Jharrel Jerome, Kim Ramirez, Jared Kemp, Allen Maldonado A tenacious high school girl raised in foster homes in the inner city tries to reconnect with her ex-con father by joining a boys wrestling team. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Happy Anniversary","tags":" Jared Stern No\u00ebl Wells, Ben Schwartz, Joe Pantoliano, Annie Potts, Rahul Kohli, Kristin Bauer van Straten, David Walton, Leonardo Nam, Kate Berlant A quirky couple spends their three-year dating anniversary looking back at their relationship and contemplating whether they should break up. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Rapture","tags":"  Logic, Nas, Dave West, T.I., G-Eazy, 2 Chainz, Rapsody, Just Blaze, A Boogie Wit tha Hoodie Groundbreaking artists share their life stories in this vibrant documentary series that captures hip-hop's impact on global culture. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Sof\u00eda Ni\u00f1o de Rivera: Selecci\u00f3n Natural","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Sof\u00eda Ni\u00f1o de Rivera Mexico's Sof\u00eda Ni\u00f1o de Rivera brings her dark humor to the stage with jokes about marriage traps, sexually attractive leopards and funny funerals. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Titan","tags":" Lennart Ruff Sam Worthington, Taylor Schilling, Agyness Deyn, Nathalie Emmanuel, Noah Jupe, Corey Johnson, Aleksandar Jovanovic, Diego Boneta, Tom Wilkinson On a bleak future Earth, a soldier endures a radical genetic transformation to save humanity. But his wife fears he's becoming more creature than man. drama,fantasy,suspensedrama,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Trailer Park Boys","tags":"  Mike Smith, John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells, John Dunsworth, Patrick Roach, Cory Bowles, Lucy Decoutere, Barrie Dunn, Sarah Dunsworth, Jeanna Harrison, Michael Jackson, Garry James, Tyrone Parsons, Shelley Thompson, Jonathan Torrens Follow the booze-fueled misadventures of three longtime pals and petty serial criminals who run scams from their Nova Scotia trailer park. classic,action,foreginclassic,action,foregin"},{"title":"Trailer Park Boys: Countdown to Liquor Day","tags":" Mike Clattenburg Robb Wells, John Paul Tremblay, Mike Smith, John Dunsworth, Jonathan Torrens, Patrick Roach, Lucy Decoutere, Sarah Dunsworth, Barrie Dunn, Tyrone Parsons After their latest jail stint, boozy pals Julian, Bubbles and Ricky plan to go legit but learn trailer park manager Jim aims to demolish their homes. comedy,classiccomedy,classic"},{"title":"Trailer Park Boys: The Movie","tags":" Mike Clattenburg Robb Wells, John Paul Tremblay, Mike Smith, Lucy Decoutere, Lydia Lawson-Baird, Cory Bowles, Michael Jackson, Gord Downie, Alex Lifeson, Gerry Dee, Glen Grant, Eugene Clark, Barrie Dunn, John Dunsworth, Patrick Roach In this feature-length adventure, Ricky, Julian and Bubbles \u2013 just out of jail \u2013 plan the lamest scheme yet: to get rich by stealing tons of change. comedy,classiccomedy,classic"},{"title":"Trump: An American Dream","tags":"  Donald Trump Friends, associates and critics reveal the truly American story of Donald Trump, the brash businessman who defied the odds to become U.S. president. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"James Acaster: Repertoire","tags":" Dan Lucchesi James Acaster Offbeat comic James Acaster covers the strange, the mundane and everything in between in this collection of four wide-ranging stand-up specials. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Birdshot","tags":" Mikhail Red Mary Joy Apostol, Arnold Reyes, Ku Aquino, John Arcilla, Dido Dela Paz, Elora Espano, Ronnie Quizon, Rolando T. Inocencio, Suzette Ranillo, Angelica C. Ferro A sheltered farm girl inadvertently shoots an endangered Philippine eagle, setting off a police investigation that exposes violence and corruption. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Game Over, Man!","tags":" Kyle Newacheck Adam DeVine, Anders Holm, Blake Anderson, Utkarsh Ambudkar, Aya Cash, Neal McDonough, Daniel Stern, Jamie Demetriou, Rhona Mitra, Sam Richardson, Steve Howey, Mac Brandt, Geno Segers, Roe Hartrampf Three buddies with big dreams go from underachieving slackers to badass warriors when their posh hotel is taken over by terrorists. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Layla M.","tags":" Mijke de Jong Nora El Koussour, Ilias Addab, Mohammed Azaay, Esma Abouzahra, Bilal Wahib, Nezha Karim, Ayisha Siddiqi, Aziz Akazim, Hassan Akkouch, Husam Chadat In response to the repeated bigotry she faces, a Muslim teen in Amsterdam tries to find a sense of belonging in the world of fundamentalist Islam. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Paradox","tags":" Daryl Hannah Neil Young, Lukas Nelson, Micah Nelson, Corey McCormick, Anthony Logerfo, Tato Neil Young and his band of outlaws sow seeds of strange mischief and musical wonder under Western skies in this dreamlike film by Daryl Hannah. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Requiem","tags":"  Lydia Wilson, Joel Fry, Brendan Coyle, James Frecheville, Claire Rushbrook, Joanna Scanlan, Pippa Haywood, Tara Fitzgerald, Richard Harrington, Sian Reese-Williams In the wake of a sudden tragedy, a London cellist unearths secrets that link her mother to the disappearance of a young girl in a small Welsh town. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Roxanne Roxanne","tags":" Michael Larnell Chant\u00e9 Adams, Mahershala Ali, Nia Long, Elvis Nolasco, Kevin Phillips, Shenell Edmonds She grew up in a tough New York neighborhood in the '80s and made history with \"Roxanne's Revenge.\" The story of teen battle rap champ Roxanne Shante. drama,musicdrama,music"},{"title":"Secret Superstar","tags":" Advait Chandan Zaira Wasim, Meher Vij, Raj Arjun, Aamir Khan, Tirth Sharma A talented teenage singer-songwriter living amid domestic abuse becomes a YouTube sensation after a video in which she hides her identity goes viral. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Standups","tags":"  Nate Bargatze, Fortune Feimster, Deon Cole, Nikki Glaser, Beth Stelling, Dan Soder Comedy's freshest voices take the stage in LA for six half-hour specials packed with sly jokes, hilarious anecdotes and awkward confessions. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Benji","tags":" Brandon Camp Gabriel Bateman, Darby Camp, Kiele Sanchez, Jerod Haynes, Gralen Bryant Banks, Angus Sampson, Will Rothhaar, Jim Gleason, Brady Permenter A determined dog comes to the rescue and helps heal a broken family when a young boy and his sister stumble into some serious danger. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Edha","tags":"  Juana Viale, Andr\u00e9s Velencoso, Delfina Chaves, Osmar Nu\u00f1ez, Germ\u00e1n Palacios, Juan Pablo Geretto, Sof\u00eda Gala, Daniel Pacheco, Daniel Hendler, Flavio Mendoza Revenge, passion and dark secrets push a successful fashion designer and single mother to her limits when she meets a handsome and mysterious man. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Take Your Pills","tags":" Alison Klayman  In a hypercompetitive world, drugs like Adderall offer students, athletes, coders and others a way to do more \u2013 faster and better. But at what cost? documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Wild Wild Country","tags":"   When a controversial cult leader builds a utopian city in the Oregon desert, conflict with the locals escalates into a national scandal. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"In This Corner of the World","tags":" Sunao Katabuchi Non, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Natsuki Inaba, Minori Omi, Daisuke Ono, Megumi Han, Nanase Iwai, Shigeru Ushiyama, Mayumi Shintani Suzu marries into a family living outside of Hiroshima and quickly settles into her new life, until World War II challenges her ability to survive. anime,family,foreginanime,family,foregin"},{"title":"Jag \u00e4lskar dig: En skilsm\u00e4ssokomedi","tags":" Johan Brisinger Bj\u00f6rn Kjellman, Christine Meltzer, Rodolfo Corsato, Martina Haag, Sven-Bertil Taube, Anita Wall, Nour El-Refai Tired of her passionless marriage, Marianne wants a separation from her husband, Gustav, who, in response, decides to make a big change of his own. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Secret of the Nile","tags":"  Amr Youssef, Dina El-Sherbiny, Anoushka, Amina Khalil, Nada Mousa, Sawsan Badr, Ahmed Dawood When his sister disappears while working at the Grand Hotel, a man joins the staff to get answers. Inside its posh walls, he finds love and intrigue. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Tabula Rasa","tags":"  Veerle Baetens, Stijn Van Opstal, Jeroen Perceval, Hilde Van Mieghem, Gene Bervoets, Peter Van den Begin, Natali Broods When a young woman with amnesia becomes a key figure in a missing persons case, she must reconstruct her memories to clear her name. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Art of Loving","tags":" Maria Sadowska Magdalena Boczarska, Eryk Lubos, Justyna Wasilewska, Piotr Adamczyk, Arkadiusz Jakubik, Wojciech Mecwaldowski, Borys Szyc, Katarzyna Kwiatkowska, Artur Barci\u015b During Communist rule, a Polish gynecologist and sexologist defies taboo and fights to publish her groundbreaking book on love and sex. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Steel Rain","tags":" Yang Woo-seok Woo-sung Jung, Do-won Kwak, Kap-soo Kim, Woo-jin Jo, Eui-sung Kim, Kyeong-yeong Lee, Won-joong Jung, Hyun-sung Jang Amid a coup, a North Korean agent escapes south with the country's injured leader in an attempt to keep him alive and prevent a Korean war. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Children of the Whales","tags":"  Natsuki Hanae, Manaka Iwami, Yuuichirou Umehara, Nobunaga Shimazaki, Mikako Komatsu, Daiki Yamashita, Hiroshi Kamiya As a magic wielder, young archivist Chakuro knows his time is short, but everything changes when a girl from the outside appears on his island. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Ricky Gervais: Humanity","tags":" John L. Spencer Ricky Gervais In his first special in seven years, Ricky Gervais slings his trademark snark at celebrity, mortality and a society that takes everything personally. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Stretch Armstrong: The Breakout","tags":" Victor Cook Scott Menville, Steven Yeun, Ogie Banks, Nazneen Contractor, Kate Mulgrew, Wil Wheaton, Keith David, Jon Heder, Yvette Nicole Brown, Clancy Brown, James Arnold Taylor, Grey Griffin, Miguel Ferrer, Kelly Hu, Walter Koenig, Vanessa Marshall, Will Friedle, Andrew Kishino Villains are rampaging through Charter City and the Flex Fighters \u2013 Jake, Ricardo and Nathan \u2013 need your help to halt the chaos. familyfamily"},{"title":"A.I.C.O.","tags":" Kazuya Murata Haruka Shiraishi, Yusuke Kobayashi, Makoto Furukawa, Taishi Murata, Kaori Nazuka, M\u30fbA\u30fbO, Ryota Takeuchi, Ai Kayano, Toru Okawa, Takehito Koyasu, Atsuko Tanaka Everything Aiko knew was a lie. Now she's joining a team of Divers to reach the place where the Burst began to stop it for good and save her family. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Collateral","tags":"  Carey Mulligan, John Simm, Nicola Walker, Billie Piper, Nathaniel Martello-White, Jeany Spark, Hayley Squires, Ben Miles, Saskia Reeves, Ahd Investigating the murder of a pizza delivery man, a London detective uncovers a tangled conspiracy involving drug dealers, smugglers and spies. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"The Outsider","tags":" Martin Zandvliet Jared Leto, Tadanobu Asano, Kippei Shiina, Shioli Kutsuna, Emile Hirsch, Raymond Nicholson, Rory Cochrane, Nao Omori, Min Tanaka An American soldier imprisoned in postwar Japan enters the dark world of the yakuza, adopting their way of life in repayment for his freedom. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Bad Guys: Vile City","tags":"  Joong-hoon Park, Jin-mo Joo, Yang Ik-june, Moo-Yul Kim, Ji Soo, Young-chang Song, Hong-Fa Kim, Tae-ho Ryu, Yu-seok Kim, Soo-young Park, Yoon-hee Lee Ordered to take down a villainous business leader who controls the city, a prosecutor gathers a team of men who may not be so clean themselves. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Ladies First","tags":" Uraaz Bahl  Born amid poverty and limited women's rights in the village of Ratu, India, Deepika Kumari rose to become the No.1 female archer in the world at 18. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Bullet Head","tags":" Paul Solet, Rick Benattar Adrien Brody, John Malkovich, Rory Culkin, Antonio Banderas, Ori Pfeffer, Alexandra Dinu, Owen Davis, Deyan Petrov After a daring heist, three fugitives lock themselves in a warehouse hoping to evade the police, but find a worse threat as they fight to stay alive. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Borderliner","tags":"  Tobias Santelmann, Ellen Dorrit Petersen, Benjamin Helstad, Frode Winther, Bj\u00f8rn Skagestad, Eivind Sander, Thelma Farnes Ottersen, Todd Bishop Monrad Vistven, Ole Christoffer Ertvaag, Marina Popovic, Gine Cornelia Pedersen, Ana Gil de Melo Nascimento, Kim-Henning Nilsen, Morten Svartveit, Ellen Birgitte Winther, Even Pedersen To protect his family, a police detective covers up a murder case. But when his partner suspects foul play, he is trapped in a dangerous game on duty. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Gad Elmaleh: American Dream","tags":" Michael Simon Gad Elmaleh In his first English-language special, comedian Gad Elmaleh gleefully digs into America's food obsessions, dating culture, slang and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Flint Town","tags":"   Over a two-year period, filmmakers embedded with cops in Flint, Michigan, reveal a department grappling with volatile issues in untenable conditions. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Malena Pichot: Estupidez compleja","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Malena Pichot An Argentine comedian espouses the values of feminism, speaking on topics like sex, language, abortion and why it's OK to let a man buy you dinner. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Natalia Valdebenito: El especial","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Natalia Valdebenito A Chilean comedian fuses activism with irreverence for a stand-up set filled with jokes about misogyny, reproductive rights and respecting women. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ravenous","tags":" Robin Aubert Marc-Andr\u00e9 Grondin, Monia Chokri, Charlotte St-Martin, Brigitte Poupart, Marie-Ginette Guay, Micheline Lanct\u00f4t, \u00c9douard Tremblay-Grenier, Luc Proulx, Didier Lucien, Robert Brouillette, Patrick Hivon As a zombie plague ravages their rural Quebec town, a scrappy band of survivors join forces to flee the infected hordes in this quiet thriller. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"21 Thunder","tags":"  Stephanie Bennett, Emmanuel Kabongo, RJ Fetherstonhaugh, Andres Joseph, Kevin Claydon, Conrad Pla, Clark Backo, Ryan Pierce, Eileen Li, Susan Bain, Cristina Rosato, Jonathan Kim, Colm Feore Players and coaches for a Montreal soccer team chase dreams of stardom while their personal lives erupt with love, fear, passion and violence. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Adel Karam: Live from Beirut","tags":"  Adel Karam From Casino du Liban, Lebanese actor and comedian Adel Karam delivers earthy punchlines on kissing norms, colonoscopies and a porn star named Rocco. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Battle Drone","tags":" Mitch Gould Louis Mandylor, Daniel Southworth, Richard Alan Reid, Oleg Taktarov, Natassia Malthe, Jason Earles, Dominique Swain, Michael Par\u00e9 A team of mercenaries working with the CIA accepts an off-the-books mission in Chernobyl, where deadly human-controlled droids prepare an ambush. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Dil Se","tags":" Mani Ratnam Shah Rukh Khan, Manisha Koirala, Preity Zinta, Raghuvir Yadav, Zohra Sehgal, Sabyasachi Chakraborty, Piyush Mishra, Krishnakant, Aditya Srivastava A radio broadcaster's intense attraction to a mysterious woman opens the door to a tidal wave of powerful emotions and desires. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Guru","tags":" Mani Ratnam Abhishek Bachchan, Mithun Chakraborty, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Madhavan, Vidya Balan, Roshan Seth, Arya Babbar, Sachin Khedekar, Dhritiman Chatterjee, Manoj Joshi Ambitious Gurukant Desai ignores his father's advice and leaves his village to find success in Turkey. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Judwaa 2","tags":" David Dhawan Varun Dhawan, Jacqueline Fernandez, Tapsee Pannu, Rajpal Yadav, Sachin Khedekar, Anupam Kher, Zakir Hussain, Pavan Malhotra Separated at birth, twins Raja and Prem couldn't be more different. But when fate puts them both in London, they start being mistaken for each other. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Love Beats Rhymes","tags":" RZA Azealia Banks, Lucien Laviscount, Jill Scott, Common, Lorraine Toussaint, Hana Mae Lee, Jeremie Harris After enrolling in a college poetry course, a struggling rapper finds inspiration for her new voice through slam poetry. drama,music,romancedrama,music,romance"},{"title":"Schubert In Love","tags":" Lars B\u00fcchel Olaf Schubert, Mario Adorf, Marie Leuenberger, Jochen Barkas, Bert Stephan, Martina Hill, Christoph Jungmann, Luise Wolfram, Hildegard Schroedter, Imke Buchel The last of his family line, Olaf Schubert doesn't have time for a girlfriend but dutifully searches for one when his father demands offspring. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Shubh Aarambh","tags":" Amit Barot Harsh Chhaya, Prachi Shah, Bharat Chawda, Deeksha Joshi, Aarjav Trivedi, Prashant Barot, Harsha Bhavsar As her own wedding looms on the horizon, a marriage counselor strives to save her future in-laws' crumbling relationship. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Something Huge","tags":" Carlo Padial Berto Romero, Carolina Bang, Javier Botet, Carlos Areces, Miguel Noguera, Toni Sevilla A director and a comedian want to shoot the \"comedy of the future\" and make cinema history, but soon run out of resources and run into mission creep. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Swades","tags":" Ashutosh Gowariker Shah Rukh Khan, Gayatri Joshi, Kishori Balal, Smith Seth, Lekh Tandon, Rajesh Vivek, Daya Shankar Pandey, Farrukh Jaffar An Americanized NASA scientist returns to his native India on a business trip and searches for the nanny who helped raise him. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Swearnet Live","tags":" Mike Smith, John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells Mike Smith, John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells, John Dunsworth, Pat Roach, Leigh MacInnis, Luke Gordon \"Trailer Park Boys\" John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells and Mike Smith host this foulmouthed live kick-off of their Web-based Swearnet network. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Trailer Park Boys: Say Goodnight to the Bad Guys","tags":" Mike Clattenburg John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells, John Dunsworth, Patrick Roach, Lucy Decoutere, Sarah Dunsworth, Barrie Dunn, Jeanna Harrison, Shelley Thompson, Tyrone Parsons A year after the Season 7 finale, the boys are poised to live the good life. But an old enemy throws a wrench in things once again. comedy,classiccomedy,classic"},{"title":"Tu Hai Mera Sunday","tags":" Milind Dhaimade Barun Sobti, Shahana Goswami, Vishal Malhotra, Avinash Tiwary, Rasika Dugal, Maanvi Gagroo, Nakul Bhalla, Jay Upadhyay When their Sunday soccer game on the beach is canceled, five friends set out to find another place to play in the noisy, crowded city of Mumbai. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Yuva","tags":" Mani Ratnam Ajay Devgn, Abhishek Bachchan, Vivek Oberoi, Esha Deol, Kareena Kapoor, Rani Mukerji, Loveleen Mishra, Anant Nag, Om Puri, Vijay Raaz, Sonu Sood An accident on a bridge ties together three young men from different social classes, sparking a course of events that will forever alter their lives. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"\ubc18\ub4dc\uc2dc \uc7a1\ub294\ub2e4","tags":" Hong-seon Kim Baek Yoon-sik After people in his town start turning up dead, a grumpy landlord is visited by a man who recounts an unsolved serial murder case from 30 years ago. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Marlon Wayans: Woke-ish","tags":" Marcus Raboy Marlon Wayans Rollicking, outrageous and audacious, Marlon Wayans gets raw on racism, age-appropriate rap rhymes, gay rights, raising kids and even the Kardashians. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Veronica","tags":" Paco Plaza Sandra Escacena, Claudia Placer, Bruna Gonz\u00e1lez, Iv\u00e1n Chavero, Ana Torrent, Consuelo Trujillo In 1991 Madrid, after holding a s\u00e9ance at school, a teen girl minding her younger siblings at home suspects an evil force has entered their apartment. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Best Lover","tags":"  Da-hae Lee, Zhou Mi, Wang Qiuzi, Kwang-hyun Park, Jia Zhengyu, Jeong-hak Park Two young stars with different backgrounds and agendas enter into a fake marriage to advance their careers, until the fake starts turning real. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Marseille","tags":"  G\u00e9rard Depardieu, Beno\u00eet Magimel, G\u00e9raldine Pailhas, Nadia Far\u00e8s, St\u00e9phane Caillard, Jean-Ren\u00e9 Privat, Pascal Elso, G\u00e9rard Meylan The longtime mayor of Marseille is preparing to hand over the reins to his prot\u00e9g\u00e9 when a sudden and ruthless battle erupts for control of the city. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Mute","tags":" Duncan Jones Alexander Skarsg\u00e5rd, Paul Rudd, Justin Theroux When his girlfriend vanishes, a mute man ventures into a near-future Berlin's seamy underworld, where his actions speak louder than words. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Seven Seconds","tags":"  Clare-Hope Ashitey, Regina King, Beau Knapp, Michael Mosley, David Lyons, Russell Hornsby, Ra\u00fal Castillo, Patrick Murney The death of a 15-year-old African American boy in Jersey City sets off a police cover-up and a search for the truth. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Hitler's Circle of Evil","tags":"  Alisdair Simpson, Henrik J\u00f8rgensen, James Lowe, Blake Scott, Peter Turnbull Surviving power struggles, betrayals and plots, Hitler's inner circle of Nazi leaders seizes control of Germany and designs its disastrous future. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Forgotten","tags":" Hang-Jun Jang Ha-neul Kang, Moo-Yul Kim, Young-hee Na, Seong-kun Mun, Myung-Ryul Nam, Eun-woo Lee, Chan-bi Jung, Go Choi, Seong-il Bae, Soon-won Lee When his abducted brother returns seemingly a different man with no memory of the past 19 days, Jin-seok chases after the truth behind the kidnapping. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Frankenstein Chronicles","tags":"  Sean Bean, Tom Ward, Richie Campbell, Vanessa Kirby, Ed Stoppard, Ryan Sampson, Robbie Gee, Anna Maxwell Martin, Elliot Cowan, Charlie Creed-Miles, Eloise Smyth, Samuel West A detective tracks what seems to be a killer with a taste for dismemberment in 1827 London, but the case leads in a far more terrifying direction. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"FullMetal Alchemist","tags":" Fumihiko Sori Ryosuke Yamada, Tsubasa Honda, Dean Fujioka, Misako Renbutsu, Kanata Hongo, Shinji Uchiyama, Jun Kunimura, Yo Oizumi, Ryuta Sato, Fumiyo Kohinata, Yasuko Matsuyuki While alchemist Edward Elric searches for a way to restore his brother Al's body, the military government and mysterious monsters are watching closely. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Agust\u00edn Aristar\u00e1n: Soy Rada","tags":" Mariano Baez Agust\u00edn Aristar\u00e1n Argentine comedian Agust\u00edn \"Radagast\" Aristar\u00e1n adds doses of magic, music and acting to his high-energy stand-up routine. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Dragons: Race to the Edge","tags":"  Jay Baruchel, America Ferrera, T.J. Miller, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Andree Vermeulen, Zack Pearlman From the creators of \"How to Train Your Dragon\" comes an all-new Netflix original series that takes Hiccup and Toothless to the edge of adventure! family,actionfamily,action"},{"title":"Everything Sucks!","tags":"  Jahi Di'Allo Winston, Peyton Kennedy, Patch Darragh, Claudine Mboligikpelani Nako, Rio Mangini, Quinn Liebling, Sydney Sweeney, Elijah Stevenson, Zachary Ray Sherman, Abi Brittle It's 1996 in a town called Boring, where high school misfits in the AV and drama clubs brave the ups and downs of teenage life in the VHS era. comedy,drama,showcomedy,drama,show"},{"title":"Irreplaceable You","tags":" Stephanie Laing Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Michiel Huisman, Christopher Walken, Steve Coogan, Kate McKinnon, Jacki Weaver, Timothy Simons, Brian Tyree Henry, Alanna Masterson, Gayle Rankin, Tamara Tunie A stunning cancer diagnosis spurs Abbie to seek a future girlfriend for fianc\u00e9 and childhood sweetheart Sam, who's clueless when it comes to dating. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Re:Mind","tags":"  Keyakizaka46 Eleven high school classmates awaken, restrained to a large dining room. While fearing for their lives, they question a motive to this bizarre act. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Chris Rock: Tamborine","tags":" Bo Burnham Chris Rock Chris Rock takes the stage in Brooklyn for a comedy special filled with searing observations on fatherhood, infidelity and American politics. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Love Per Square Foot","tags":" Anand Tiwari Vicky Kaushal, Angira Dhar, Alankrita Sahai, Raghuvir Yadav, Ratna Pathak Shah, Supriya Pathak Individually, bank employees Sanjay and Karina don't earn enough to be able to buy a home, so they decide to enter into a marriage of convenience. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Seeing Allred","tags":" Roberta Grossman, Sophie Sartain Gloria Allred Explore the public and private sides of feminist firebrand attorney Gloria Allred, who's battled some of the biggest names in politics and business. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Ritual","tags":" David Bruckner Rafe Spall, Arsher Ali, Robert James-Collier, Sam Troughton Four friends with a long-standing \u2013 but strained \u2013 connection take a hiking trip into the Swedish wilderness, from which they may never return. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Trader (Sovdagari)","tags":" Tamta Gabrichidze  A traveling trader provides a window into rural life in the Republic of Georgia, where potatoes are currency and ambition is crushed by poverty. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"When We First Met","tags":" Ari Sandel Adam DeVine, Alexandra Daddario, Shelley Hennig, Robbie Amell, Andrew Bachelor Using a magical photo booth that sends him back in time, Noah relives the night he met Avery over and over, trying to persuade her to fall for him. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Valor","tags":"  Christina Ochoa, Matt Barr, Corbin Reid, Charlie Barnett, W. Tr\u00e9 Davis Following an unsuccessful mission in Somalia, the two surviving members of a U.S. Army helicopter crew are embroiled in an unseemly conspiracy. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"The Cloverfield Paradox","tags":" Julius Onah Gugu Mbatha-Raw, David Oyelowo, Daniel Br\u00fchl, John Ortiz, Chris O'Dowd, Aksel Hennie, Zhang Ziyi, Elizabeth Debicki, Roger Davies, Clover Nee Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Coach Snoop","tags":"  Snoop Dogg Fueled by his own rough upbringing, Snoop Dogg creates a youth football league to keep at-risk kids off the streets and focused on their goals. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"On Body and Soul","tags":" Ildiko Enyedi Alexandra Borb\u00e9ly, G\u00e9za Morcs\u00e1nyi, R\u00e9ka Tenki, Zolt\u00e1n Schneider, Ervin Nagy, Itala Bekes, \u00c9va Bata, P\u00e1l M\u00e1csai, Zsuzsa Jaro, N\u00f3ra Rainer-Micsinyei Two shy and socially awkward co-workers in Budapest form a special bond through a mysterious mystic connection that manifests in a dream. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Bros","tags":" You-Jeong Chang Dong-hwi Lee, Dong-seok Ma, Ha-Nui Lee, Woo-jin Jo, Young-chang Song, Chang-wook Ji, Man-seok Oh, Ye-ji Seo Reunited in their hometown for their father's funeral, two self-interested brothers meet a peculiar woman who shares a huge secret about their family. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Liberated: The New Sexual Revolution","tags":"   Filmmakers explore how pop culture shapes a new generation's beliefs about gender, sexuality and violence on display among students on spring break. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Newness","tags":" Drake Doremus Nicholas Hoult, Laia Costa, Danny Huston, Courtney Eaton, Matthew Gray Gubler, Albert Hammond Jr. Martin and Gabi try to form a relationship after meeting through a hookup app, but when boredom creeps in, they seek out an unconventional solution. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Under Arrest","tags":" Dan Forrer  Cameras follow police officers as they solve crimes, assist the public and arrest lawbreakers in this reality series. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Expedition Happiness","tags":" Selima Taibi Selima Taibi, Felix Starck A filmmaker and his musician girlfriend attempt an epic road trip with their dog, traveling across North America in a refurbished school bus. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Jerry Seinfeld: I'm Telling You for the Last Time","tags":" Marty Callner Jerry Seinfeld Months after his classic TV sitcom ends, the legendary comic returns to his stand-up roots to deliver his best jokes on a sold-out international tour. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Retribution","tags":"  Georgina Campbell, Joe Dempsie, Adrian Edmondson, Steve Evets, Laura Fraser, Julie Graham, John Lynch, Gary Lewis, Juliet Stevenson, Joanna Vanderham A dark web of secrets and lies emerges when a newlywed couple is killed and detectives question their feuding families. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Holy Camp!","tags":" Javier Ambrossi, Javier Calvo Macarena Garc\u00eda, Anna Castillo, Bel\u00e9n Cuesta, Gracia Olayo, Richard Collins-Moore, Llum Barrera, Secun de la Rosa, Mar\u00eda Isabel D\u00edaz, V\u00edctor El\u00edas, Henry M\u00e9ndez, Esti Quesada In this musical comedy, two rebellious teen girls who love electronic music have a life-changing brush with the divine at a camp run by nuns. comedy,drama,religioncomedy,drama,religion"},{"title":"A Futile and Stupid Gesture","tags":" David Wain Will Forte, Domhnall Gleeson, Martin Mull, Joel McHale, Matt Lucas, Thomas Lennon, Seth Green, Jackie Tohn, Natasha Lyonne, Emmy Rossum, Elvy Yost, Matt Walsh, John Gemberling, Rick Glassman, Camille Guaty In a brief life full of triumph and failure, \"National Lampoon\" co-founder Doug Kenney built a comedy empire, molding pop culture in the 1970s. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Fakkah Fuzz: Almost Banned","tags":" Michael McKay Fakkah Fuzz Stand-up comic Fakkah Fuzz mines cross-cultural humor from the experience of growing up as an outspoken Malay man in Singapore. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mau Nieto: Viviendo sobrio\u2026 desde el bar","tags":"  Mau Nieto Performing at a bar, Mexican stand-up comedian Mau Nieto dishes on his modest upbringing, his failed relationships and his attempts to stay sober. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Sebasti\u00e1n Marcelo Wainraich","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Sebasti\u00e1n Marcelo Wainraich Argentine comedian Sebasti\u00e1n Wainraich highlights the comedy in everyday life, from minibars to reasons why funerals are better than weddings. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Adventures of Puss in Boots","tags":"  Eric Bauza, Jayma Mays, Grey DeLisle, Paul Rugg, Joshua Rush, Candi Milo, Laraine Newman The world's greatest feline fighter, lover and milk connoisseur takes on daring adventures in exotic locations in this family-friendly comedy series. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Acts of Vengeance","tags":" Isaac Florentine Antonio Banderas, Karl Urban, Paz Vega, Robert Forster, Clint Dyer, Cristina Serafini, Lillian Blankenship, Atanas Srebrev, Mark Rhino Smith Devastated by the murder of his wife and child, a formerly fast-talking lawyer takes a vow of silence and trains himself for a mission of revenge. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Prison Playbook","tags":"  Hae-soo Park, Kyung-ho Jung, Dong-il Sung, Krystal Jung, Soo-jeong Ye, Jae-sung Jung, Hoon-jin Lee, Kyoo-hyung Lee, Ho-cheol Lee, Chang-hwan Ahn, Kyung-nam Kim With his major league baseball debut right around the corner, a star pitcher lands in prison and must learn to navigate his new world. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Ricardo Quevedo: Hay gente as\u00ed","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Ricardo Quevedo Droll comic Ricardo Quevedo hits Bogot\u00e1 with a set that touches on embarrassing misunderstandings, sex talk, the thrill of being scared and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Todd Glass: Act Happy","tags":" Scott Moran Todd Glass Try to keep up as comedian Todd Glass delivers rapid-fire stand-up that bounces from his heart attack to his coming out to how to eat a Kit Kat. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Shannara Chronicles","tags":"  Austin Butler, Poppy Drayton, Ivana Baquero, Manu Bennett, Aaron Jakubenko, Emilia Burns, John Rhys-Davies, Marcus Vanco, Brooke Williams, Daniel MacPherson, Jed Brophy After the destruction of civilization, three young heroes become Earth's last hope for salvation when a massive force of demons threatens the planet. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Love and Hong Kong","tags":"  Eiko Koike, Ryo Yoshizawa, Fumika Baba, Moga Mogami, Tomo Yanagishita, Kaoru Nagata, Ryo Iwamatsu The lives of five strangers become intertwined forever when a starlet filming a documentary is kidnapped on the streets of Hong Kong. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Harith Iskander: I Told You So","tags":" Michael McKay Harith Iskander Malaysian stand-up comedy icon Harith Iskander takes the stage in Kuala Lumpur to talk about Singapore, a past girlfriend, Rick Astley and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Step Sisters","tags":" Charles Stone III Megalyn Echikunwoke, Eden Sher, Lyndon Smith, Gage Golightly, Matt McGorry, Marque Richardson, Alessandra Torresani, Naturi Naughton, Nia Jervier, Robert Curtis Brown With her Harvard Law dreams on the line, a black sorority leader agrees to help a rhythmically challenged sisterhood win a step dance championship. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Open House","tags":" Matt Angel, Suzanne Coote Dylan Minnette, Piercey Dalton, Patricia Bethune, Sharif Atkins, Aaron Abrams, Edward Olson, Katie Walder, Paul Rae Following a tragedy, a mother and her teen son move to a relative's vacant vacation home, where eerie and unexplained forces conspire against them. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Bad Day for the Cut","tags":" Chris Baugh Nigel O'Neill, Susan Lynch, J\u00f3zef Pawlowski, Stuart Graham, David Pearse, Brian Milligan, Anna Prochniak, Stella McCusker, Ian McElhinney, Lalor Roddy A mild-mannered, middle-aged Irish farmer devoted to his mother embarks on a violent quest for revenge when she's murdered in a home invasion. foregin,foregin,suspenseforegin,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Tiempos de guerra","tags":"  Amaia Salamanca, \u00c1lex Garc\u00eda, Alicia Borrachero, Jos\u00e9 Sacrist\u00e1n, Ver\u00f3nica S\u00e1nchez, \u00c1lex Gadea, Anna Moliner, Crist\u00f3bal Su\u00e1rez, Silvia Alonso, Daniel Lundh, Nuria Herrero In 1921, nurse trainees from Madrid's upper class open a hospital in Melilla for Rif War soldiers, finding friendship and romance while saving lives. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Arango y Sanint: R\u00edase el show","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Juli\u00e1n Arango, Antonio Sanint Colombian stand-up comedians Antonio Sanint and Juli\u00e1n Arango impersonate an Argentine visitor and a cabbie, and a pair of dirty old men at the opera. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Godzilla","tags":" Kobun Shizuno, Hiroyuki Seshita Mamoru Miyano, Takahiro Sakurai, Kana Hanazawa, Tomokazu Sugita, Yuki Kaji, Junichi Suwabe, Daisuke Ono, Kenta Miyake, Kenyu Horiuchi, Kazuya Nakai, Kazuhiro Yamaji A desperate group of refugees attempts to recolonize Earth 20,000 years after Godzilla took over. But one young man wants revenge above all else. showshow"},{"title":"Katt Williams: Great America","tags":"  Katt Williams The King of underground comedy delivers unflinching riffs\u00a0on the American political climate, racial tensions, sex and his disdain for roast beef. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Alibaba Aur 40 Chor","tags":" Latif Faiziyev, Umesh Mehra Dharmendra, Hema Malini, Zeenat Aman, Rolan Bykov, Prem Chopra, Yakub Akhmedov, Madan Puri, Sofiko Chiaureli A simple village man is thrown into a web of political intrigue after he takes on a powerful and ruthless gang of bandits. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Pyar Ke Do Pal","tags":" Rajiv Mehra Mithun Chakraborty, Jayapradha, Simple Kapadia, Krishan Dhawan, Jagdeep, Bindu, Satyendra Kapoor, Shubha Khote, Amrit Pal, Lalita Pawar Twins separated by a court order meet at camp and decide to reunite their parents, unaware of the dark secret that drove them apart years before. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Rip Tide","tags":" Rhiannon Bannenberg Debby Ryan, Genevieve Hegney, Andrew Creer, Naomi Sequeira, Aaron Jeffery, Valerie Bader, Jeremy Lindsay Taylor, Danielle Carter, Marcus Graham, Kimie Tsukakoshi Following an embarrassing viral video, a New York model decides to escape from her suffocating existence by visiting her faraway aunt in Australia. family,drama,sportsfamily,drama,sports"},{"title":"Disjointed","tags":"  Kathy Bates, Aaron Moten, Tone Bell, Dougie Baldwin, Elizabeth Ho, Elizabeth Alderfer, Chris Redd, Betsy Sodaro, Nicole Sullivan, Michael Trucco Pot activist Ruth Whitefeather Feldman runs a medical marijuana dispensary while encouraging her loyal patients to chill out and enjoy the high life. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Milada","tags":" David Mrnka Ayelet Zurer, Robert Gant, Vica Kerekes, A\u0148a Geislerov\u00e1, Ivana Ch\u00fdlkov\u00e1, Vladim\u00edr Javorsk\u00fd, Dagmar Bl\u00e1hov\u00e1, Jarom\u00edr Dulava, Martin Pechl\u00e1t, Brian Caspe Politician and human rights campaigner Milada Hor\u00e1kov\u00e1 battles against all odds to defend her beliefs in a Czechoslovakia under Communist rule. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Polka King","tags":" Maya Forbes Jack Black, Jenny Slate, Jason Schwartzman, Jacki Weaver, J.B. Smoove, Vanessa Bayer, Robert Capron, Willie Garson, Lew Schneider Determined to make it big in America, Polish-born bandleader Jan Lewan draws his fans into a Ponzi scheme in this comedy based on a true story. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Reservoir Game","tags":" Choi Jin-seong  An investigative reporter seeks to expose the whereabouts of a slush fund belonging to the former president of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Tom Segura: Disgraceful","tags":" Jay Karas Tom Segura Tom Segura gives voice to the sordid thoughts you'd never say out loud, with blunt musings on porn, parking lot power struggles, parenthood and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Alejandro Ria\u00f1o: Especial de stand up","tags":"  Alejandro Ria\u00f1o Colombian comedian Alejandro Ria\u00f1o discusses the perks of dating a she-wolf, styles of dancing, the quirks of Bogot\u00e1 men and soccer game announcers. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The House Next Door","tags":" Milind Rau Siddharth, Andrea Jeremiah, Anisha Victor, Atul Kulkarni, Suresh, Prakash Belawadi In this Hindi version of \"Aval,\" a young couple's relationship is shaken to its core when a mysterious and troubled family moves into the neighborhood. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Episodes","tags":"  Matt LeBlanc, Tamsin Greig, Stephen Mangan, Kathleen Rose Perkins, John Pankow, Mircea Monroe Hoping to create an American version of their hit British sitcom, two screenwriters run into cultural obstacles, starting with the lead character. classic,comedyclassic,comedy"},{"title":"Before I Wake","tags":" Mike Flanagan Kate Bosworth, Thomas Jane, Jacob Tremblay, Annabeth Gish, Dash Mihok, Jay Karnes, Lance E. Nichols Still mourning the death of their son, Mark and Jessie welcome foster child Cody into their lives. Soon they discover he has a strange ability. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Devilman Crybaby","tags":" Masaaki Yuasa Kouki Uchiyama, Ayumu Murase, Megumi Han, Ami Koshimizu, Atsuko Tanaka, Rikiya Koyama, Avu-chan, Kenjiro Tsuda, KEN THE 390, Subaru Kimura, Young Dais, Hannya, AFRA With demons reawakened and humanity in turmoil, a sensitive demon-boy is led into a brutal, degenerate war against evil by his mysterious friend, Ryo. anime,foregin,suspenseanime,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Mustang Island","tags":" Craig Elrod Macon Blair, Lee Eddy, John Merriman, Byron Brown, Jason Newman After being dumped on New Year's Eve, Bill pursues his ex-girlfriend to an off-season Gulf Coast beach town, but things get complicated along the way. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Eve's Apple","tags":" Jose Manuel Col\u00f3n  Interviews with global policymakers and girls in Gambia and Kenya detail the horrors of female genital mutilation and the growing efforts to end it. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Fullmetal Alchemist","tags":"  Romi Park, Rie Kugimiya, Megumi Toyoguchi, Miyoko Aso, Toru Okawa, Michiko Neya, Kenji Utsumi, Hidekatsu Shibata, Ryotaro Okiayu, Yuko Sato, Yasuhiro Takato, Keiji Fujiwara, Yasunori Matsumoto, Tomoyuki Shimura, Tetsu Shiratori, Takehiro Murozono, Makoto Nagai, Mayumi Yamaguchi, Kotono Mitsuishi, Satomi Koorogi Brothers Edward and Alphonse use alchemy to resurrect their mother, but they unleash a chemical reaction that tears apart their bodies. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood","tags":" Yasuhiro Irie Romi Park, Rie Kugimiya, Megumi Takamoto, Shinichiro Miki, Fumiko Orikasa, Kenji Utsumi, Keiji Fujiwara, Yuji Ueda, Biichi Sato, Tetsuya Kakihara, Kenji Hamada, Kaori Nazuka, Hidekatsu Shibata, Kenta Miyake, Kikuko Inoue, Tetsu Shiratori, Minami Takayama, Hiroyuki Yoshino, Yoko Soumi, Kazuya Nakai, Ryuzaburo Otomo After both suffer physical damage \u2013 brothers Edward and Alphonse battle nefarious forces to try to reclaim their bodies in this supernatural anime. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Lovesick","tags":"  Johnny Flynn, Antonia Thomas, Daniel Ings, Hannah Britland, Joshua McGuire, Richard Thomson, Jessica Ellerby In his quest for true love, Dylan found chlamydia. Joined by friends Evie and Luke, he relives past encounters as he notifies all his former partners. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Pok\u00e9mon: Indigo League","tags":"  Rica Matsumoto, Ikue Otani, Mayumi Iizuka, Megumi Hayashibara, Unsho Ishizuka Explore the world of Pok\u00e9mon with 10-year-old Ash Ketchum and his partner, Pikachu, as they aim for Ash's ultimate goal: becoming a Pok\u00e9mon master. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"The Frozen Dead","tags":"  Charles Berling, Julia Piaton, Pascal Greggory, Nina Meurisse, Lubna Azabal, Anne Le Ny, Robinson St\u00e9venin, Robert Plagnol, Sophie Guillemin A grisly find atop a mountain in the French Pyrenees leads investigator Martin Servaz into a twisted dance with a serial killer in this icy thriller. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Dave Chappelle: Equanimity & The Bird Revelation","tags":" Stan Lathan Dave Chappelle Comedy titan Dave Chappelle caps a wild year with two stand-up specials packed with scorching new material, self-reflection and tough love. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Fun Mom Dinner","tags":" Alethea Jones Katie Aselton, Toni Collette, Bridget Everett, Molly Shannon, Adam Scott, Rob Huebel, Adam Levine, Paul Rust Four preschool moms with little in common need a night out to take a break from their kids. But one thing leads to another, and things get rowdy. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Goon: Last of the Enforcers","tags":" Jay Baruchel Seann William Scott, Alison Pill, Liev Schreiber, Marc-Andr\u00e9 Grondin, Wyatt Russell, Elisha Cuthbert, Callum Keith Rennie, Jason Jones, Kim Coates, T.J. Miller Injury and family push hockey player Doug Glatt into retirement, but his plans change when his beloved former team appoints his nemesis as captain. comedy,foregin,sportscomedy,foregin,sports"},{"title":"La Mante","tags":"  Carole Bouquet, Fred Testot, Pascal Demolon, Manon Azem, Fr\u00e9d\u00e9rique Bel, \u00c9lodie Navarre, Jacques Weber Decades after her capture, a serial killer offers to help solve a string of copycat murders \u2013 but only if her son, now a cop, will work by her side. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Climb","tags":" Ludovic Bernard Ahmed Sylla, Alice Bela\u00efdi, Kevin Razy, Nicolas Wanczycki, Waly Dia, Umesh Tamang A young Senegalese-French man from humble roots sets out to climb Mount Everest to impress the woman he loves \u2013 and slowly becomes a media sensation. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Bibi & Tina: Tohuwabohu Total","tags":" Detlev Buck Lina Larissa Strahl, Lisa-Marie Koroll, Louis Held, Lea van Acken, Emilio Sakraya, Michael Maertens, Martin Seifert Teen witch Bibi and her pal Tina return to the screen to reconcile a runaway girl with her narrow-minded family and save Falkenstein Castle from chaos. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Mr. Roosevelt","tags":" No\u00ebl Wells No\u00ebl Wells, Nick Thune, Britt Lower, Daniella Pineda, Andre Hyland, Armen Weitzman, Sergio Cilli A struggling comedian returns to Austin, Texas, to see her ailing cat and face her messy past \u2013 while staying with her ex and his new girlfriend. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Todd Barry: Spicy Honey","tags":" Jay Chapman Todd Barry With bone-dry wit, stand-up comic Todd Barry dissects texting emergencies, Hitler's taste in wine, pricey soap, cheap pizza and much more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Creep 2","tags":" Patrick Brice Mark Duplass, Desiree Akhavan, Karan Soni A video artist finds the perfect character for a sensational piece, but the subject of her dreams soon reveals his insidious side. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Myths & Monsters","tags":" Daniel Kontur Nicholas Day This documentary series takes us to the mythic landscapes of Europe to explore some of most enduring legends produced by European culture. foregin,documentalforegin,documental"},{"title":"72 Dangerous Animals: Latin America","tags":"  Bob Brisbane Powerful cats, indestructible arachnids and flesh-melting pit vipers are just the beginning in this series about Latin America's deadliest creatures. documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"Bright","tags":" David Ayer Will Smith, Joel Edgerton, Noomi Rapace, Lucy Fry, Edgar Ram\u00edrez, Ike Barinholtz, Brad William Henke, Enrique Murciano, Happy Anderson, Kenneth Choi, Andrea Navedo, Dawn Olivieri In an LA rife with interspecies tensions, a human cop and his orc partner stumble on a powerful object and become embroiled in a prophesied turf war. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Desire","tags":" Diego Kaplan Carolina Ardohain, M\u00f3nica Anton\u00f3pulos, Guilherme Winter, Juan Sorini, Andrea Frigerio A young woman arrives at her estranged sister's wedding to mend fences but falls prey to lust when she meets the groom. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"48 Christmas Wishes","tags":" Marco Deufemia, Justin G. Dyck Khiyla Aynne, Noah Dyer, Maya Franzoi, Clara Kushnir, Madeline Leon, Liam MacDonald, Matt Schichter, Ethan Yang, Adam Crew When a small town's letters to Santa accidentally go up in smoke, two elves venture out of the North Pole to retrieve every missing wish. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Jeremiah Tower: The Last Magnificent","tags":" Lydia Tenaglia Jeremiah Tower, Anthony Bourdain, Mario Batali, Ruth Reichl This documentary profiles influential chef Jeremiah Tower, who played a pivotal role in the invention of a revolutionary new American cuisine. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Russell Howard: Recalibrate","tags":" Peter Orton Russell Howard Self-deprecating comic Russell Howard plows ahead through politics, porn, social media and his own shortcomings. Yet he somehow keeps it positive. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Indian Detective","tags":"  Russell Peters, Anupam Kher, Christina Cole, Mishqah Parthiephal, Hamza Haq, Meren Reddy, William Shatner In this crime dramedy, a suspended Canadian cop visits his father in Mumbai and assists in investigating a huge criminal operation with links to home. action,foregin,comedyaction,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Hello, My Twenties!","tags":"  Ye-ri Han, Seung-Yeon Han, Eun-bin Park, Hwa-young Ryu, Hye-soo Park With different personalities, life goals and taste in men, five female college students become housemates in a shared residence called Belle Epoque. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Christmas Inheritance","tags":" Ernie Barbarash Eliza Taylor, Jake Lacy, Andie MacDowell, Michael Xavier, Neil Crone, Anthony Sherwood, Joanna Douglas, Martin Roach To inherit her father's company, socialite Ellen must first visit his small hometown, where she learns the value of hard work and helping others. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Muramba","tags":" Varun Narvekar Mithila Palkar, Amey Wagh, Sachin Khedekar, Chinmayi Sumit A young man and his parents ponder the reasons behind the recent breakdown of a relationship he was in \u2013 and the possibility of reconciliation. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Pottersville","tags":" Seth Henrikson Michael Shannon, Judy Greer, Thomas Lennon, Ron Perlman, Christina Hendricks, Ian McShane A man's drunken romp in a gorilla suit gets him mistaken for Bigfoot, drawing media attention and tourist dollars to his struggling small town. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Seoul Searching","tags":" Benson Lee In-pyo Cha, Justin Chon, Jessika Van, Esteban Ahn, Teo Yoo, Rosalina Leigh, Kang Byul, Crystal Kay, Dante Han, Sue Son, Albert Kong, Byeol Kang, David Lee McInnis, Seung-hyeon Han, Nathalia Ramos, Seong-guk Choi, Ji-a Park Teens of Korean descent who were born and raised in other countries travel to Seoul to learn about their cultural heritage at a summer camp in 1986. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Wormwood","tags":"  Peter Sarsgaard, Molly Parker, Christian Camargo, Scott Shepherd, Tim Blake Nelson, Jimmi Simpson, Bob Balaban, Michael Chernus In this genre-bending tale, Errol Morris explores the mysterious death of a U.S. scientist entangled in a secret Cold War program known as MK-Ultra. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Halt and Catch Fire","tags":"  Lee Pace, Scoot McNairy, Mackenzie Davis, Kerry Bish\u00e9, Toby Huss, Aleksa Palladino, David Wilson Barnes, Morgan Hinkleman, James Cromwell, Manish Dayal, Annabeth Gish Re-creating the dawn of the personal computer era, this digital drama tracks the fates of an industry visionary and his brilliant colleagues. dramadrama"},{"title":"Judd Apatow: The Return","tags":" Marcus Raboy Judd Apatow Judd Apatow returns to stand-up comedy after 25 years, riffing on living with three women, amusing moments from his career and much more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"El Camino Christmas","tags":" David E. Talbert Jessica Alba, Tim Allen, Dax Shepard, Vincent D'Onofrio, Luke Grimes, Kurtwood Smith, Michelle Mylett Stuck in a liquor store during an alleged robbery, a group of strangers shares hidden truths and forms an unexpected bond on Christmas Eve. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Jaal","tags":" Umesh Mehra Jeetendra, Mithun Chakraborty, Rekha, Mandakini, Moon Moon Sen, Vinod Mehra, Tanuja, Amrit Pal When a mysterious woman hires Shankar to spy on a family, he must determine how his own father's abandonment figures into the situation. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Shikari","tags":" Latif Faiziyev, Umesh Mehra Mithun Chakraborty, Naseeruddin Shah, Irina Kushnareva, Varsha Usgaonkar, Gulshan Grover, Anjana Mumtaz, Amrish Puri, Amrit Pal, Achyut Potdar, Lilliput When Shankar, who performs on the road with partner Chanchal and elephant Appu, falls for a Russian circus performer, jealousies and conflicts arise. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Secret","tags":" Drew Heriot  An assembly of writers, philosophers and scientists share The Secret, which reputedly brought success to Plato, da Vinci, Einstein and other greats. documental,religiondocumental,religion"},{"title":"Trolls Holiday Special","tags":" Joel Crawford Anna Kendrick, Justin Timberlake, Zooey Deschanel, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, James Corden, Ron Funches, Kunal Nayyar, Aino Jawo, Caroline Hjelt, Walt Dohrn When Queen Poppy realizes that Bridget and the Bergens don't have any holidays, she hatches a plan for Branch and the Snack Pack to help create one. family,comedy,musicfamily,comedy,music"},{"title":"Craig Ferguson: Tickle Fight","tags":" Jay Chapman Craig Ferguson Cheeky comic Craig Ferguson keeps it casual as he discusses '70s porn, Japanese toilets and his mildly crime-filled days as a talk show host. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Jab Harry Met Sejal","tags":" Imtiaz Ali Shah Rukh Khan, Anushka Sharma, Aru Krishansh Verma, Chandan Roy Sanyal, Evelyn Sharma, Kavi Shastri, Barbora Mudrochova, Paula Donner, Denis Dorokhov, Martavious Gayles A philandering tour guide in Europe begins to develop feelings for one of his clients while helping her search for her lost engagement ring. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Temple","tags":" Michael Barrett Logan Huffman, Natalia Warner, Brandon Sklenar, Naoto Takenaka, Asahi Uchida, Mei Kurokawa, Hisashi Miyazawa, Miho Tamaki, Seiki Chiba, Yoshimi Tachi Three unsuspecting American tourists visit a mysterious mountain shrine in Japan despite uncanny warnings from local inhabitants to stay away. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"A StoryBots Christmas","tags":" Evan Spiridellis, Jeff Gill Edward Asner, Judy Greer, Erin Fitzgerald, Fred Tatasciore, Jeff Gill, Gregg Spiridellis, Evan Spiridellis, Jim Meskimen, Nate Theis Bo thinks her holiday gift-giving isn't good enough, so she heads north to study under Santa Claus \u2013 only to find he's missing. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"All Hail King Julien","tags":"  Danny Jacobs, Andy Richter, Henry Winkler, Kevin Michael Richardson, India de Beaufort, Jeff Bennett, David Krumholtz, Diedrich Bader, Debra Wilson, Sarah Thyre, Betsy Sodaro In this Emmy winner for Outstanding Children's Animated Program, Madagascar booty-shaker King Julien takes on the jungle\u2019s craziest adventures. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Dhia Sofea","tags":"  Amyra Rosli, Fadlan Hazim, Maria Farida, Sharifah Haslinda, Syafiq Kyle, Sasqia Dahuri, Raja Ema, Faye Kusairi, Puteri Octovia, Roy Azman, Norlia Ghani After discovering that she was adopted as an infant, a young woman embarks on a perilous quest to connect with her biological mother. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"DreamWorks Home: For the Holidays","tags":"  Rachel Crow, Mark Whitten, Kelly Clarkson, Ana Ortiz, Ben Schwartz, Ron Funches, Matt Jones Oh takes it upon himself to introduce Christmas joy to his fellow Boovs. Unfortunately, his well-meaning mission nearly destroys the city. family,comedy,musicfamily,comedy,music"},{"title":"Kantaro: The Sweet Tooth Salaryman","tags":"  Matsuya Onoe, Ren Ishikawa, Hiroyuki Onoue, Hazuki Shimizu, Sarutoki Minagawa Elite publishing sales rep Kantaro wraps up his client visits in record time so he can secretly pursue his quest to indulge in the tastiest of sweets. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Monster Island","tags":" Leopoldo Aguilar Joey Camen, Fiona Hardingham, Johnny Rose, Katie Leigh, Roger L. Jackson, Wally Wingert, Phillip Vasquez When a teenager discovers he's not really human, he ventures out to a remote island to explore his roots and confronts a series of wild challenges. familyfamily"},{"title":"My Happy Family","tags":" Nana Ekvtimishvili, Simon Gross Ia Shugliashvili, Merab Ninidze, Berta Khapava, Tsisia Qumsishvili, Giorgi Khurtsilava, Giorgi Tabidze, Goven Cheishvili, Dimitri Oragvelidze, Mariam Bokeria A middle-aged wife and mother of two shocks her traditional, multigenerational Georgian household when she announces she's going to live by herself. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Oggy and the Cockroaches","tags":" Olivier Jean-Marie Don Michael Paul, Tony Sampson, Sam Vincent, Matt Hill, Greg Eagles, Peter Kelamis, Tara Strong, Rick Jones Wimpy blue cat Oggy would like nothing more than to snooze, but he's constantly bothered by the three ugly cockroaches who have invaded his home. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Worthy","tags":" Ali F. Mostafa Ali Suliman, Mahmoud Al Atrash, Samer al Masri, Rakeen Saad, Habib Ghuloom, Samer Ismail, Salah Hanoun, Maisa Abd Elhadi, Mohammad Al Ibrahimi, Nabeel Ahmad Alkoni In the near future, with civilization a thing of the past, a man puts his family in peril when he reluctantly lets outsiders into his compound. foregin,fantasy,suspenseforegin,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"TURN: Washington's Spies","tags":"  Jamie Bell, Seth Numrich, Daniel Henshall, Heather Lind, Meegan Warner, Kevin McNally, Burn Gorman, Angus Macfadyen, JJ Feild, Samuel Roukin Set in 1778, this period drama recounts the story of Abe Woodhull, an American cabbage farmer obliged to begin spying on the British enemy. dramadrama"},{"title":"Voyeur","tags":" Myles Kane, Josh Koury Gay Talese Legendary journalist Gay Talese unmasks a motel owner who spied on his guests for decades. But his bombshell story soon becomes a scandal of its own. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Man Down","tags":"  Greg Davies, Roisin Conaty, Jeany Spark, Gwyneth Powell, Isy Suttie, Michael Wozniak, Elliot Levey, Ruth Bratt, Deirdre Mullins, Steven Berkoff, Stella Gonet, Rik Mayall, Ashley McGuire, Stephanie Cole A childish idiot trapped in an adult's body, schoolteacher Dan hates his job, hates his girlfriend-less life and has good reason to fear his dad. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Broadchurch","tags":"  David Tennant, Olivia Colman, Andrew Buchan, Jodie Whittaker, Arthur Darvill, Jonathan Bailey, Carolyn Pickles, Adam Wilson, Charlotte Beaumont, Simone McAullay, Tanya Franks, Pauline Quirke, Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Charlotte Rampling, Eve Myles, James D'Arcy, Susan Brown, Vicky McClure, Will Mellor, David Bradley After a young boy is murdered in the small seaside town of Broadchurch, local detectives Ellie Miller and Alec Hardy are assigned the mysterious case. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Poster Boys","tags":" Shreyas Talpade Sunny Deol, Bobby Deol, Shreyas Talpade, Sonali Kulkarni, Tripti Dimri, Samiksha Bhatnagar, Lovely Singh, Purnima Varma Three men are stunned to find their faces on a poster promoting vasectomies, and must prove to their upset loved ones that they're innocent victims. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Cuba and the Cameraman","tags":" Jon Alpert  Emmy-winning filmmaker Jon Alpert chronicles the fortunes of three Cuban families over the course of four tumultuous decades in the nation's history. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Girl from the Song","tags":" Ibai Abad Lewis Rainer, Josephine Berry, Charlotte Atkinson, Charles MacGechan When an aspiring musician falls for a carefree college student, he follows her to the Nevada desert to declare his love to her and find himself. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Many Faces of Ito","tags":"  Fumino Kimura, Nozomi Sasaki, Mirai Shida, Elaiza Ikeda, Kaho, Yuki Yamada, Tomoya Nakamura, Kei Tanaka A jaded rom-com screenwriter in her 30s mines four love-sick women for their stories under the guise of providing them with romantic advice. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Argon","tags":"  Woo-hee Chun, Joo-hyuk Kim, Won-sang Park In a world filled with provocative (and often misleading) news, a passionate team of investigative TV reporters strives to bring truths to light. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Barbra: The Music ... The Mem'ries ... The Magic!","tags":" Barbra Streisand, Jim Gable Barbra Streisand Iconic songstress Barbra Streisand culminates her 13-city tour in Miami with dazzling ballads, Broadway standards and stories from behind the scenes. musicmusic"},{"title":"Godless","tags":"  Jeff Daniels, Michelle Dockery, Jack O'Connell, Scoot McNairy, Merritt Wever, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Sam Waterston, Tantoo Cardinal A ruthless outlaw terrorizes the West in search of a former member of his gang, who\u2019s found a new life in a quiet town populated only by women. dramadrama"},{"title":"Beat Bugs: All Together Now","tags":" Josh Wakely Ashleigh Ball, Lili Beaudoin, Charles Demers, Rebecca Husain, Erin Mathews After winning a local talent show, the Beat Bugs journey to compete on \"The Bug Factor,\" a televised singing contest held in faraway Rocket Ship Park. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Brian Regan: Nunchucks and Flamethrowers","tags":" Troy Miller Brian Regan Brian Regan takes relatable family humor to new heights as he talks board games, underwear elastic and looking for hot dogs in all the wrong places. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Saving Capitalism","tags":" Jacob Kornbluth Robert Reich Former Secretary of Labor Robert Reich meets with Americans from all walks of life as he chronicles a seismic shift in the nation's economy. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"A Christmas Prince","tags":" Alex Zamm Rose McIver, Ben Lamb, Alice Krige, Honor Kneafsey Christmas comes early for an aspiring young journalist when she's sent abroad to get the scoop on a dashing prince who's poised to be king. family,drama,romancefamily,drama,romance"},{"title":"Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond - Featuring a Very Special, Contractually Obligated Mention of Tony Clifton","tags":" Chris Smith Jim Carrey Through the lens of his stunningly immersive performance as Andy Kaufman, Jim Carrey ponders the meaning of life, reality, identity and career. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Longmire","tags":"  Robert Taylor, Katee Sackhoff, Lou Diamond Phillips, Bailey Chase, Cassidy Freeman, Adam Bartley, Louanne Stephens This contemporary crime thriller focuses on a Wyoming sheriff who's rebuilding his life and career following the death of his wife. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Luna Petunia","tags":"  Ciara Alexys, Katie Griffin, Cory Doran, Jonah Wineberg With help from her magic toy chest, fun-loving Luna Petunia enters the fantastic land of Amazia, where adventures, friendship and learning await. familyfamily"},{"title":"Mudbound","tags":" Dee Rees Carey Mulligan, Jason Clarke, Mary J. Blige, Garrett Hedlund, Jason Mitchell, Rob Morgan, Jonathan Banks Two Mississippi families \u2013 one black, one white \u2013 confront the brutal realities of prejudice, farming and friendship in a divided World War II era. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Shot in the Dark","tags":"   Three rival freelance stringers scour the streets at night to film crime scenes, fires, accidents \u2013 and anything else they can sell to news outlets. showshow"},{"title":"The Irregular at Magic High School","tags":"  Yuichi Nakamura, Saori Hayami, Yumi Uchiyama, Takuma Terashima, Satomi Sato, Atsushi Tamaru, Sora Amamiya, Yuiko Tatsumi, Marina Inoue, Ryohei Kimura, Junichi Suwabe, Kana Hanazawa, Mai Nakahara, Saki Ogasawara, Haruka Tomatsu, Tomokazu Sugita, Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Ayumu Murase Siblings Tatsuya and Miyuki enroll at Magic High School, where Miyuki's honors status comes between her and her underachieving older brother. anime,foregin,showanime,foregin,show"},{"title":"The Method","tags":"  Konstantin Khabenskiy, Paulina Andreeva, Alexander Tsekalo, Alexander Petrov, Ivan Dobronravov, Kirill Poluhin An ambitious young law enforcement graduate is thrilled when her idol takes her on as a trainee. But his methods aren't anything like she imagined. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"DeRay Davis: How to Act Black","tags":" Marcus Raboy DeRay Davis Dynamic comic DeRay Davis hits the stage like a ball of fire, nailing the finer points of living, dating and handling show business as a black man. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Bon Cop Bad Cop 2","tags":" Alain Desrochers Patrick Huard, Colm Feore, Marc Beaupr\u00e9, Noam Jenkins, Andreas Apergis, Mariana Mazza, Erik Knudsen, Sarah-Jeanne Labrosse, Lucie Laurier, Neil Crone, Catherine St-Laurent Two veteran buddy cops are back for a second chapter, this time to tackle a car theft ring that turns out to be much more than they bargained for. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Blazing Transfer Students","tags":"  Daiki Shigeoka, Akito Kiriyama, Junta Nakama, Tomohiro Kamiyama, Ryusei Fujii, Takahiro Hamada, Nozomu Kotaki, Umika Kawashima, Takeshi Kaga, Norio Wakamoto Featuring the boys of Johnny's West, a gang of zany transfer students are recruited for a mysterious mission ordained by their shadowy principal. foregin,action,comedyforegin,action,comedy"},{"title":"Glitter Force Doki Doki","tags":" Go Koga Debi Derryberry, Cassandra Morris, Melissa Fahn, Stephanie Sheh, Erica Lindbeck, Kate Higgins, Cherami Leigh, Tara Sands, Bryce Papenbrook, Erica Mendez, Ray Chase, Carrie Keranen, Ben Diskin, Grant George, Kirk Thornton Four girls summon their inner superheroes to defend Earth and the magical kingdom of Splendorius from King Mercenare and his minions. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Lady Dynamite","tags":"  Maria Bamford, Fred Melamed, Mary Kay Place, Ed Begley Jr., Ana Gasteyer, Lennon Parham, Bridget Everett, Mo Collins, June Diane Raphael, Dean Cain, \u00d3lafur Darri \u00d3lafsson, Patton Oswalt, Keith Lucas, Kenny Lucas, Sarah Silverman, Mira Sorvino, Jon Cryer, Brandon Routh, Adam Pally, Tig Notaro, Andy Samberg, David Spade, Fred Armisen, Jason Mantzoukas, Jenny Slate, Judd Apatow, Judy Greer, Weird Al Yankovic Comedian Maria Bamford stars in a series inspired by her own life. It's the sometimes surreal story of a woman who loses \u2013 and then finds \u2013 her s**t. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mea Culpa","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Alexis de Anda Raw and outspoken, comedian Alexis de Anda bares her soul about weddings, exercise, sex, gynecologists, drugs and much more in this stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Killer","tags":" Marcelo Galv\u00e3o Diogo Morgado, Etienne Chicot, Maria de Medeiros, Deto Montenegro, Jonas Leite, Paulo Gorgulho, Will Roberts, Allan Lima, Eduardo Galv\u00e3o, Igor Galv\u00e3o In lawless badlands, reclusive Cabeleira sets out to discover the fate of his gunman father and grows to be a feared assassin himself. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Fate\/Apocrypha","tags":"  Natsuki Hanae, Maaya Sakamoto, Kouki Uchiyama, Miyuki Sawashiro, Saori Hayami, Koji Yusa, Makoto Furukawa, Tetsu Inada, Satoshi Tsuruoka, Kei Shindou, Junichi Suwabe, Shunsuke Takeuchi, Ryotaro Okiayu, Mitsuru Miyamoto, Rumi Okubo, Ai Nonaka, Sakura Tange The theft of the Greater Grail from Fuyuki City leads to a splintered timeline in which the Great Holy Grail War is waged on an unprecedented scale. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Jerry Seinfeld: Comedian","tags":" Christian Charles Jerry Seinfeld, Orny Adams, Colin Quinn, Bill Cosby, Robert Klein, Chris Rock, Garry Shandling, Jay Leno, Kevin Nealon, Ray Romano Christian Charles's documentary follows established comedian Jerry Seinfeld and up-and-comer Orny Adams as they navigate the stand-up circuit. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Project Mc\u00b2","tags":"  Mika Abdalla, Genneya Walton, Victoria Vida, Ysa Penarejo, Belle Shouse, Alyssa Lynch, Danica McKellar, Maddie Phillips, Sarah Desjardins Teenage spy McKeyla teams up with three other super-smart girls to become secret agents who use their science and tech skills to save the day. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Journey Is the Destination","tags":" Bronwen Hughes Ben Schnetzer, Kelly Macdonald, Sam Hazeldine, Ella Purnell, Maria Bello, Yusra Warsama Spirited 22-year-old activist and photojournalist Dan Eldon rushes to the frontline of a dangerous relief effort for Somalian refugees in this biopic. dramadrama"},{"title":"Let It Fall: Los Angeles 1982-1992","tags":" John Ridley  This documentary chronicles simmering tension and broken trust between L.A.'s black community and police in the decade before the Rodney King riots. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Mubarakan","tags":" Anees Bazmee Anil Kapoor, Arjun Kapoor, Ileana D'Cruz, Athiya Shetty, Neha Sharma, Vineet Kumar Singh, Pavan Malhotra, Ratna Pathak Shah, Karan Kundra, Anil Mange, Rahul Dev, Sanjay Kapoor Chaos ensues after two orphaned twin brothers raised apart team up with their eccentric, unmarried uncle to find a solution to their romantic woes. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Alias Grace","tags":"  Sarah Gadon, Edward Holcroft, Paul Gross, Anna Paquin, Rebecca Liddiard, Zachary Levi, Kerr Logan, David Cronenberg In 19th-century Canada, a psychiatrist weighs whether a murderess should be pardoned due to insanity. Based on Margaret Atwood's award-winning novel. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Bandie","tags":" Alo Sarkar Uttam Kumar, Sulakshana Pandit, Utpal Dutt, Bindu, Amjad Khan, Helen, Indrani Mukherjee, Padma Khanna, Iftekhar Heirless Maharaj Brajbhan leaves his throne to his cousin Vikram, but when Brajbhan's wife, Badi Rani, finally conceives, Vikram plots to destroy her. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Getaway Plan","tags":" I\u00f1aki Dorronsoro Alain Hern\u00e1ndez, Javier Guti\u00e9rrez, Alba Galocha, Itziar Atienza, Luis Tosar, Florin Opritescu, Jaroslaw Bielski, Peter Nikolas Professional burglar and blowtorch expert V\u00edctor is recruited by the Russian mafia to break into a vault as part of an elaborate bank heist. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Hajwala: The Missing Engine","tags":" Ali Bin Matar, Ibrahim Bin Mohamed Yasser Al Jarraf, Haleem Aljabri, Anwar Aljabri, Omar Aljabri, Ali Almarzouqi, Majed Aldheeb, Yousef Almahmodi, Reem Ali A competitive streetcar racer's obsession with winning drive him to develop a vehicle with an innovative engine that's never been used before. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Pettersson and Findus 2","tags":" Ali Samadi Ahadi Stefan Kurt, Marianne S\u00e4gebrecht, Max Herbrechter Christmas is just around the corner, but Pettersson and Findus are worried the snowy weather (and lack of a tree) may keep them from celebrating. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Bittersweet","tags":" D Ho Min-ho Lee, Zhu Xuan As a killer stalks the streets, a troubled young courier suspects that a doctor may be the long-lost sister he hasn't seen since childhood. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Together","tags":"  Jeanette Aw, Dai Xiangyu, Elvin Ng, Eelyn Kok, Zheng Geping, Aileen Tan, Zhou Ying, Hong Hui Fang, Zhang Zhenhuan Spanning 30 years, a group of dedicated and diverse friends experiences happiness and hardship in a newly independent Singapore. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Judah Friedlander: America Is the Greatest Country in the United States","tags":" Judah Friedlander Judah Friedlander Deadpan comic and self-proclaimed world champion Judah Friedlander performs over several nights in New York, explaining why America is No. 1. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The B-Side: Elsa Dorfman's Portrait Photography","tags":" Errol Morris Elsa Dorfman Filmmaker Errol Morris probes the life, work and studio of his pal Elsa Dorfman, a Polaroid photographer who's shot luminaries and regular folk alike. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"SPF-18","tags":" Alex Israel Carson Meyer, Noah Centineo, Bianca Santos, Jackson White, Sean Russel Herman, Rosanna Arquette, Molly Ringwald, Pamela Anderson, Keanu Reeves, Goldie Hawn The arrival of an enigmatic struggling musician in Malibu shakes the ground beneath the feet of a teenage girl and her surfer boyfriend. drama,romance,sportsdrama,romance,sports"},{"title":"Pup Star: Better 2Gether","tags":" Robert Vince Kaitlyn Maher, Obba Babatund\u00e9, Lombardo Boyar, Molly Burnett, Chris Coppola, Reggie De Leon, David DeLuise, Matty Finochio, Josh Flitter, Benjamin Flores Jr. Returning Pup Star champ Tiny has her Yorkie paws full after an evil rival replaces her with street dog Scrappy during the national competition. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Beyond Stranger Things","tags":"  Jim Rash, Matt Duffer, Ross Duffer, Shawn Levy, David Harbour, Finn Wolfhard, Millie Bobby Brown, Gaten Matarazzo, Caleb McLaughlin, Natalia Dyer, Charlie Heaton, Noah Schnapp, Joe Keery, Dacre Montgomery, Sadie Sink, Paul Reiser, Sean Astin, Randy Havens, Brett Gelman, Linnea Berthelsen Secrets from the \"Stranger Things 2\" universe are revealed as cast and guests discuss the latest episodes with host Jim Rash. Caution: spoilers ahead! comedy,suspense,fantasycomedy,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Joan Didion: The Center Will Not Hold","tags":" Griffin Dunne Joan Didion Literary icon Joan Didion reflects on her remarkable career and personal struggles in this intimate documentary directed by her nephew, Griffin Dunne. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Strange Weather","tags":" Katherine Dieckmann Holly Hunter, Carrie Coon, Kim Coates, Shane Jacobsen, Andrene Ward-Hammond, Allene Quincy, Glenne Headly A grieving mother takes a road trip with her friend to confront the man who, she believes, stole her late son's business idea to get rich. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Hateful Eight","tags":" Quentin Tarantino Samuel L. Jackson, Kurt Russell, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Walton Goggins, Demi\u00e1n Bichir, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Bruce Dern, James Parks, Dana Gourrier, Channing Tatum, Zo\u00eb Bell Years after the Civil War, a bounty hunter and his captive are waylaid by a Wyoming blizzard and hole up in a way station with six dicey strangers. action,suspenseaction,suspense"},{"title":"Jack Whitehall: At Large","tags":" Brian Klein Jack Whitehall Comedian Jack Whitehall takes the stage to tell stories about drinking, drugs, a Google Maps van and his ongoing rivalry with Robert Pattinson. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Mist","tags":"  Morgan Spector, Alyssa Sutherland, Gus Birney, Danica Curcic, Okezie Morro, Luke Cosgrove, Darren Pettie, Russell Posner, Frances Conroy, Dan Butler, Isiah Whitlock Jr. Trapped by a mysterious fog, residents of a Maine village discover that it hides nightmarish creatures. A new series based on Stephen King's novella. drama,suspense,suspensedrama,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"W1A","tags":"  Hugh Bonneville, Monica Dolan, Jessica Hynes, Rufus Jones, Sarah Parish, Nina Sosanya, Jason Watkins, Hugh Skinner, David Westhead, Jonathan Bailey, Ophelia Lovibond, David Tennant The new Head of Values at the BBC deals with redefining the company's purpose, events like the arrival of Prince Charles and issues with new programs. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"1922","tags":" Zak Hilditch Thomas Jane, Molly Parker, Dylan Schmid, Kaitlyn Bernard, Bob Frazer, Brian d'Arcy James, Neal McDonough A farmer pens a confession admitting to his wife's murder, but her death is just the beginning of a macabre tale. Based on Stephen King's novella. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Haters Back Off","tags":"  Colleen Ballinger, Angela Kinsey, Steve Little, Francesca Reale, Erik Stocklin, Matt Besser Determined to make it big, the confident but clueless Miranda Sings embarks on an unlikely quest for fame in this offbeat comedy. comedy,showcomedy,show"},{"title":"One of Us","tags":" Heidi Ewing, Rachel Grady  In the wake of trauma and abuse, three Hasidic Jews face ostracism, anxiety and danger as they attempt to leave their ultra-Orthodox community. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Day I Met El Chapo","tags":"  Kate del Castillo Mexican superstar actress Kate del Castillo reveals the untold story of her encounter with El Chapo Guzm\u00e1n, the world\u2019s most-wanted drug lord. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Wheelman","tags":" Jeremy Rush Frank Grillo, Caitlin Carmichael, Garret Dillahunt, Shea Whigham, Wendy Moniz, John Cenatiempo, Slaine The getaway driver in a botched robbery puts his skills and smarts to the test when he receives shocking orders from an unknown caller. actionaction"},{"title":"Wedding Unplanned","tags":" Reem Kherici Reem Kherici, Nicolas Duvauchelle, Julia Piaton, Sylvie Testud, Fran\u00e7ois-Xavier Demaison, Chantal Lauby, Lionnel Astier, \u00c8ve Saint-Louis, Victoria Monfort, Amelie Fonlupt Mathias's girlfriend finds a business card for a wedding planner in his pocket. Suddenly, he's engaged and hiring his lover to plan the big day! comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Patton Oswalt: Annihilation","tags":" Bobcat Goldthwait Patton Oswalt By turns scathing and candid, Patton Oswalt reflects on the glut of comic material in the Trump era and the dark days following a personal tragedy. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Baadshaho","tags":" Milan Luthria Ajay Devgn, Emraan Hashmi, Vidyut Jamwal, Ileana D'Cruz, Esha Gupta, Sanjay Mishra, Sunny Leone, Sharad Kelkar, Priyanshu Chatterjee, Denzil Smith In 1975, during the government-declared Emergency, thief Bhawani and his crew plan a daring robbery to reclaim his royal lover's seized treasures. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Lucknow Central","tags":" Ranjit Tiwari Farhan Akhtar, Diana Penty, Ronit Roy, Gippy Grewal, Deepak Dobriyal, Inaamulhaq, Rajesh Sharma After being arrested for a crime he didn't commit, an aspiring musician teams up with some of his inmates at Lucknow Central to form a band. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Belief: The Possession of Janet Moses","tags":" David Stubbs Kura Forrester, William Davis, Tina Cook, Hariata Moriarty This documentary tries to reconstruct, through a series of interviews, a family's misguided attempt to heal a woman's pain through exorcism. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Seven and Me","tags":"  Leila Jolene, Flavio Parenti, Josefin Asplund A little girl discovers she\u2019s the modern-day descendant of Snow White when seven dwarfs arrive at her suburban home to serve as her guardian angels. familyfamily"},{"title":"Singapore","tags":" Shakti Samanta Shammi Kapoor, Padmini, Maria Menado, Shashikala, Agha, K.N. Singh, Madan Puri, Helen When his employee disappears in Singapore, Shyam travels from India to investigate the absence and becomes entangled in a deadly plot. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"West Coast Customs","tags":"  Ryan Friedlinghaus, Hunter Clancey West Coast Customs, a mecca for well-heeled car lovers, stars as their team creates some of the most luxurious, outrageous vehicles on the planet. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"Blessed Benefit","tags":" Mahmoud al Massad Ahmad Thaher, Maher Khammash, Odai Hijazi, Nadeem Rimawi, Mahmoud al Massad, Nadim Mushahwar After being wrongfully convicted of fraud, an honest man finds that life in prison comes with a measure of freedom that is unavailable outside. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Clair Obscur","tags":" Yesim Ustaoglu Funda Eryi\u011fit, Ecem Uzun, Mehmet Kurtulus, Okan Yalabik, Serkan Keskin, Sema Poyraz While examining a young woman who has just murdered her husband and mother-in-law, a psychiatrist begins to reflect on her own marriage. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"El Especial de Alex Fern\u00e1ndez, el Especial","tags":" Jan Suter Alex Fern\u00e1ndez From a Mexico City theme park, energetic stand-up Alex Fern\u00e1ndez riffs on music, cheap toys, insecurity and other fun things about growing up. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kingdom of Us","tags":" Lucy Cohen  A father's suicide sends a family of eight on a journey through childhood memories and treacherous emotional waters in this poignant documentary. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Babysitter","tags":" McG Samara Weaving, Hana Mae Lee, Judah Lewis, Robbie Amell, Bella Thorne, Andrew Bachelor, Emily Alyn Lind, Leslie Bibb, Ken Marino When Cole stays up past his bedtime, he discovers that his hot babysitter is part of a satanic cult that will stop at nothing to keep him quiet. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected)","tags":" Noah Baumbach Adam Sandler, Ben Stiller, Dustin Hoffman, Elizabeth Marvel, Grace Van Patten, Emma Thompson, Candice Bergen, Rebecca Miller, Danny Flaherty, Sakina Jaffrey, Adam David Thompson Grudges and rivalries abound as three adult siblings converge in New York to contend with their prickly artist father \u2013 and his fading legacy. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Barakah Meets Barakah","tags":" Mahmoud Sabbagh Hisham Fageeh, Fatima Al-Banawi, Sami Hifny, Khairia Nazmi, Abdulmajeed Al-Ruhaidi A laid-back civil servant and wealthy video blogger struggle to make it as a modern couple amid strict Saudi social conventions. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Bomb Scared","tags":" Borja Cobeaga Javier C\u00e1mara, Juli\u00e1n L\u00f3pez, Miren Ibarguren, Gorka Otxoa, Tina S\u00e1inz, Ram\u00f3n Barea In this dark comedy, a dysfunctional group of wannabe Basque terrorists awaits word about a new mission while Spain makes a run at the World Cup title. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Christina P: Mother Inferior","tags":" Jay Karas Christina Pazsitzky Christina Pazsitzky hits Seattle with a biting dose of reality, telling truths about her childhood, getting older and the horrors of giving birth. comedycomedy"},{"title":"ID-0","tags":"  Kazuyuki Okitsu, Minami Tsuda, Masaya Matsukaze, Sayaka Ohara, Rikiya Koyama, Hisako Kanemoto, Ari Ozawa, Junko Minagawa, Reina Ueda In the midst of a field exercise operating I-Machines, Alliance Academy student Maya Mikuri is thrown into an entirely different kind of adventure. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Kibaoh Klashers","tags":"  Ben Diskin, Cherami Leigh, Dakota Basseri, Keith Silverstein, Johnny Yong Bosch, Lucien Dodge, Jamie Simone, Nicolas Roye, Robbie Daymond, Michael Sorich Young beetle Dylan and his friends Hailey and Ollie team up to compete against tough opponents in the exciting, high-octane sport of Battle Blading. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson","tags":" David France  As she fights the tide of violence against trans women, activist Victoria Cruz probes the suspicious 1992 death of her friend Marsha P. Johnson. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Rodney Carrington: Here Comes the Truth","tags":" Brandon Jones Rodney Carrington Raunchy country comic and musician Rodney Carrington jokes and sings about life in his 40s, poking fun at sex, relationships and gaining weight. comedycomedy"},{"title":"26 Years","tags":" Geun-hyun Cho Goo Jin, Hye-jin Han, Soo-bin Bae, Seul-ong Im, Kyeong-yeong Lee, Gwang Jang, Deok-jae Jo, Eui-sung Kim, Seok-Hwan An, Bok-gi Min Twenty-six years after the 1980 massacre at Gwangju, South Korea, three relatives of the victims come together to avenge the infamous orchestrator. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Beyblade Burst","tags":"  Marina Inoue, Junya Enoki, Fumihiro Okabayashi, Tsubasa Yonaga, Ayahi Takagaki, Yu Kobayashi Middle schooler Valt Aoi, with his Beyblade Valtryek, faces off against friends, classmates and rivals to become the world's number one Blader. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Equestria Girls: Tales of Canterlot High","tags":"  Tara Strong, Ashleigh Ball, Andrea Libman, Tabitha St. Germain, Cathy Weseluck, Rebecca Shoichet, Andrew Toth, Ali Liebert In an alternate universe Equestria, the ponies have become teenage girls who must learn what it means to be human while attending Canterlot High. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"For Your Own Good","tags":" Carlos Ther\u00f3n Jose Coronado, Javier C\u00e1mara, Roberto \u00c1lamo, Pilar Castro, Mar\u00eda Pujalte, Carmen Ruiz, Silvia Alonso, Georgina Amor\u00f3s, Andrea Ros, Miki Esparb\u00e9 Three brothers-in-law join forces to secretly drive away their daughters' undesirable boyfriends: anarchist \u00c1lex, bad-boy Dani and playboy Ernesto. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Franca: Chaos and Creation","tags":" Francesco Carrozzini  A documentary filmmaker chronicles the life and times of his mother, Franca Sozzani, the editor of Italian Vogue and a fashion-world provocateur. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Generation Iron 2","tags":" Vlad Yudin  New-generation bodybuilding stars \u2013 including Rich Piana, Kai Greene and Calum von Moger \u2013 share their experiences competing in the demanding sport. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Ghost Patrol","tags":" Karen J. Lloyd Scott McNeil, Vincent Tong, Travis Turner, Shannon Chan-Kent, Lili Beaudoin Two kids and their pet dog (aka the Ghost Patrol) get a call about an old manor and soon find they are investigating their first real haunted house. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Noddy Toyland Detective","tags":"   Toyland\u2019s boy detective, Noddy, solves mysteries and finds missing objects with help from his friends: a panda, a superhero, a dinosaur and a robot. familyfamily"},{"title":"Star Trek: Enterprise","tags":"  Scott Bakula, John Billingsley, Jolene Blalock, Dominic Keating, Anthony Montgomery, Linda Park, Connor Trinneer Capt. Archer and his crew explore space and discover human innovation-expanding technologies as they meet new alien races in this \"Star Trek\" prequel. classic,action,fantasyclassic,action,fantasy"},{"title":"Star Trek: Voyager","tags":"  Kate Mulgrew, Robert Beltran, Roxann Dawson, Jennifer Lien, Robert Duncan McNeill, Ethan Phillips, Robert Picardo, Tim Russ, Jeri Ryan, Garrett Wang, Tarik Ergin On Voyager's 75-year journey back to Earth, the crew members encounter unknown species as they draw closer to a mysterious quadrant of space. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Sudden","tags":"  Rui En, Romeo Tan, Rebecca Lim, Zhang Zhenhuan A car accident sends four lawyers spiraling in different directions as they scramble to rebuild their shattered lives. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"The Dream Catchers","tags":"  Rui En, Tay Ping Hui, Jesseca Liu, Shaun Chen, Elvin Ng, Nat Ho, Dawn Yeoh, Paige Chua, Zhang Zhenhuan Four engineers from different walks of life cross paths in pursuit of the same selfless dream: making the world a better place \u2013 and finding love. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"The Lion Woman","tags":" Vibeke Ids\u00f8e Rolf Lassg\u00e5rd, Kjersti Tveter\u00e5s, Rolf Kristian Larsen, Ole Johan Skjelbred-Knutsen, Karen-Lise Mynster, Ida Ursin-Holm, Lisa Loven Kongsli, Connie Nielsen, Henrik Mestad, K\u00e5re Conradi, Mathilde Thomine Storm A girl born with a condition that causes abnormal hair growth across her body tries to cope with the challenges of being different. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ver\u00f3nica","tags":" Carlos Algara, Alejandro Martinez-Beltran Arcelia Ram\u00edrez, Olga Segura, Sof\u00eda Garza A reclusive psychologist agrees to treat a patient \u2013 whose therapist is missing \u2013 at her remote cabin, where the women test each other's boundaries. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"What She Put on the Table","tags":"  Amber An, Sun Ke-fang, Chang Yao-jen, Wang Man-chiao, Hans Chung, Chris Lee, Yan Yu-lin, Kiki Chen, Steven Chiang Based on the life of TV chef Fu Pei-mei, this drama follows two women \u2013 one rich, the other poor \u2013 who fortuitously cross paths in 1950s Taiwan. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The Royal House of Windsor","tags":"   Drawing on newly available info, this show traces how the British royal family has survived the last 100 years of power struggles, politics and more. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Gerald's Game","tags":" Mike Flanagan Carla Gugino, Bruce Greenwood, Henry Thomas, Carel Struycken, Chiara Aurelia When her husband's sex game goes wrong, Jessie \u2013 handcuffed to a bed in a remote lake house \u2013 faces warped visions, dark secrets and a dire choice. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Long Shot","tags":" Jacob LaMendola  When Juan Catalan is arrested for a murder he didn't commit, he builds his case for innocence around raw footage from a popular TV show. A documentary. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Our Souls at Night","tags":" Ritesh Batra Robert Redford, Jane Fonda, Bruce Dern, Matthias Schoenaerts, Iain Armitage, Judy Greer, Phyllis Somerville After widowed neighbors Addie and Louis begin sleeping in bed together platonically to alleviate their loneliness, a real romance begins to blossom. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Paul Hollywood's Big Continental Road Trip","tags":"  Paul Hollywood Gear up for a fast-paced journey as celebrity chef and avid auto enthusiast Paul Hollywood takes in the cars and culture of France, Italy and Germany. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Real Rob","tags":"  Rob Schneider, Patricia Schneider, Jamie Lissow, Miranda Scarlett Schneider Go inside the world of comedian and actor Rob Schneider in this comedy series that follows the ups and downs of his career and family life. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Much Loved","tags":" Nabil Ayouch Loubna Abidar, Asmaa Lazrak, Halima Karaouane, Sara El Mhamdi Elaaloui, Abdellah Didane, Danny Boushebel, Carlo Brandt, Cam\u00e9lia Montassere Four friends who make their living as prostitutes in Morocco deal with both the dangers and stigma that come with their profession. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Def Comedy Jam 25","tags":" Louis J. Horvitz Dave Chappelle, Steve Harvey, Cedric the Entertainer, Martin Lawrence, Tiffany Haddish, Katt Williams, Craig Robinson, D.L. Hughley, Eddie Griffin, J.B. Smoove, Joe Torry, Kid Capri, Mike Epps, Sheryl Underwood, Tracy Morgan, Deon Cole In this special live event, giants of stand-up come together to commemorate the 25th anniversary of Russell Simmons's groundbreaking \"Def Comedy Jam.\" comedycomedy"},{"title":"Terrace House: Aloha State","tags":"  You, Reina Triendl, Ryota Yamasato, Yoshimi Tokui, Azusa Babazono, Kentaro The beautiful island of Oahu is host to a new batch of six strangers who share a single roof, multiple conflicts and no script in this reality series. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Dark Matter","tags":"  Marc Bendavid, Melissa O'Neil, Anthony Lemke, Alex Mallari Jr., Jodelle Ferland, Roger Cross, Zoie Palmer After waking up aboard a derelict spaceship with no memories, the crew of the Raza investigates the mystery of their identities and destination. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Swearnet: The Movie","tags":" Warren P. Sonoda Mike Smith, John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells, Patrick Roach, Mishael Morgan, Sarah Jurgens, Shannon Leroux, Dana Woods, Howard Jerome, Tom Green After losing a TV network deal, the Trailer Park Boys launch their own Internet series, but they soon confront personal and creative differences. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Bar","tags":" \u00c1lex de la Iglesia Blanca Su\u00e1rez, Mario Casas, Carmen Machi, Secun de la Rosa, Jaime Ordo\u00f1ez, Terele P\u00e1vez, Joaqu\u00edn Climent, Alejandro Awada Strangers holed up in a Madrid bar after witnessing a murder begin to turn on each other as panic sets in and the body count rises. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Gaga: Five Foot Two","tags":" Chris Moukarbel Lady Gaga Follow pop provocateur Lady Gaga as she releases a new album, preps for her Super Bowl halftime show, and confronts physical and emotional struggles. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"The Bad Batch","tags":" Ana Lily Amirpour Suki Waterhouse, Jason Momoa, Keanu Reeves, Jim Carrey, Giovanni Ribisi, Yolonda Ross Banished to a wasteland of undesirables, a young woman struggles to find her feet among a drug-soaked desert society and an enclave of cannibals. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Jerry Before Seinfeld","tags":" Michael Bonfiglio Jerry Seinfeld Jerry Seinfeld returns to the club that gave him his start in the 1970s, mixing iconic jokes with stories from his childhood and early days in comedy. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Barbie Dolphin Magic","tags":" Conrad Helten Erica Lindbeck, Shannon Chan-Kent, Kazumi Evans, Claire Corlett, Ciana Swales, Adrian Petriw, Maryke Hendrikse, Paul Dobson, Garry Chalk While visiting Ken and exploring a coral reef, Barbie and her sisters make an amazing discovery and meet a mysterious new friend. familyfamily"},{"title":"First They Killed My Father","tags":" Angelina Jolie Sreymoch Sareum, Kompheak Phoeung, Socheata Sveng, Dara Heng, Sothea Khoun, Sreyneang Oun, Kimhak Mun, Chenda Run, Nika Sarun, Nita Sarun A 5-year-old girl embarks on a harrowing quest for survival amid the sudden rise and terrifying reign of the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia. dramadrama"},{"title":"Strong Island","tags":" Yance Ford  The forces of family, grief and racial injustice converge in this powerful documentary exploring the murder of filmmaker Yance Ford's brother. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"VeggieTales in the City","tags":"  Phil Vischer, Mike Nawrocki, Rob Paulsen, Tress MacNeille With exciting trips to the big city, the ski slopes and beyond, the Veggie friends expand their horizons and learn valuable faith-based lessons. familyfamily"},{"title":"Ghost of the Mountains","tags":" Ben Wallis Antoine Fuqua An international group of filmmakers sets out on a mission to get up close and personal with a family of elusive snow leopards. family,documentalfamily,documental"},{"title":"Offspring","tags":"  Asher Keddie, Kat Stewart, Richard Davies, Linda Cropper, Jane Harber, Alicia Gardiner, Lachy Hulme, Eddie Perfect, Deborah Mailman, John Waters A Melbourne obstetrician in her thirties struggles with the increasingly chaotic family, romantic and professional aspects of her life in this drama. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Heroin(e)","tags":" Elaine McMillion Sheldon  This documentary follows three women \u2013 a fire chief, a judge and a street missionary \u2013 as they battle West Virginia's devastating opioid epidemic. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Jeff Dunham: Relative Disaster","tags":" Michael Simon Jeff Dunham Ventriloquist Jeff Dunham brings his rude and slightly demented posse of puppets to Ireland for a gleeful skewering of family and politics. comedycomedy"},{"title":"#realityhigh","tags":" Fernando Lebrija Nesta Cooper, Kate Walsh, John Michael Higgins, Keith Powers, Alicia Sanz, Jake Borelli, Kid Ink, Yousef Erakat, Rebekah Graf, Anne Winters, Peter Gilroy, Patrick Davis When nerdy high schooler Dani finally attracts the interest of her longtime crush, she lands in the cross hairs of his ex, a social media celebrity. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Apaches","tags":"  Alberto Ammann, Eloy Azor\u00edn, Ver\u00f3nica Echegui, Luc\u00eda Jim\u00e9nez, Claudia Traisac A young journalist is forced into a life of crime to save his father and family in this series based on the novel by Miguel S\u00e1ez Carral. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Fabrizio Copano: Solo pienso en mi","tags":" Rodrigo Toro, Francisco Schultz Fabrizio Copano Fabrizio Copano takes audience participation to the next level in this stand-up set while reflecting on sperm banks, family WhatsApp groups and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Fire Chasers","tags":"   As California's 2016 fire season rages, brave backcountry firefighters race to put out the flames, protect homes and save lives in this docuseries. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Carrie Pilby","tags":" Susan Johnson Bel Powley, Nathan Lane, Vanessa Bayer, Gabriel Byrne, Jason Ritter, Colin O'Donoghue, William Moseley, Desmin Borges A socially awkward 19-year-old genius makes big plans to step out of her shell and make a friend, get a job and \u2013 maybe \u2013 even go on a date. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Marc Maron: Too Real","tags":" Lynn Shelton Marc Maron Battle-scarred stand-up comedian Marc Maron unleashes a storm of ideas about meditation, mortality, documentary films and our weird modern world. comedycomedy"},{"title":"No Tomorrow","tags":"  Joshua Sasse, Tori Anderson, Jonathan Langdon, Sarayu Blue, Jesse Rath, Amy Pietz Her straitjacketed life turned topsy-turvy by hunky Xavier, Evie discovers a new freedom \u2013 even though her man just might be an end-of-days crackpot. romance,comedy,dramaromance,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Reign","tags":"  Adelaide Kane, Megan Follows, Torrance Coombs, Toby Regbo, Jenessa Grant, Celina Sinden, Caitlin Stasey, Anna Popplewell, Alan Van Sprang, Rossif Sutherland, Jonathan Keltz, Sean Teale, Craig Parker This vivid historical drama series tells of the rise to power of Mary, Queen of Scots, amid a court full of sexual and political intrigue. dramadrama"},{"title":"Frequency","tags":"  Peyton List, Riley Smith, Mekhi Phifer, Devin Kelley, Lenny Jacobson, Daniel Bonjour, Anthony Ruivivar A detective seizes a precious opportunity to change the past when she finds she can communicate with her deceased, estranged father via a time warp. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Vampire Diaries","tags":"  Nina Dobrev, Paul Wesley, Ian Somerhalder, Steven R. McQueen, Sara Canning, Kat Graham, Candice King, Zach Roerig, Michael Trevino, Matthew Davis, Joseph Morgan Trapped in adolescent bodies, feuding vampire brothers Stefan and Damon vie for the affection of captivating teenager Elena. drama,suspense,fantasydrama,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"A Boy Name Flora A","tags":"  Crowd Lu, Tsai Chen-nan, Lotus Wang, Fan Chu-Mei, Hsieh Ying-shiuan, Vera Yen, Cammy Chiang A 28-year-old layabout begins to re-examine his life when his dysfunctional family assembles to pay respects to a dying grandmother who won\u2019t pass on. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"A House of Blocks","tags":"  Eli Shi, Phoebe Lin, Chen Wan-ting, Fan Chen-fei, Lu Hsueh-feng, Figaro Tseng, Winnie Chang, Elten Ting Yijuan and her mentally ill sister Kaiqi struggle to be happy in the face of misfortune, criminal intrigue, marital strife, an exorcism and a ghost. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Aakhri Adaalat","tags":" Rajiv Mehra Vinod Khanna, Dimple Kapadia, Jackie Shroff, Sonam, Vinod Mehra, Shafi Inamdar, Gulshan Grover, Roopesh Kumar An intrepid police inspector forced into a desk job must take matters into his own hands when ruthless criminals are released on a technicality. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Berserk: The Golden Age Arc II - The Battle for Doldrey","tags":" Toshiyuki Kubooka Hiroaki Iwanaga, Takahiro Sakurai, Toa Yukinari, Yuki Kaji, Minako Kotobuki, Takahiro Fujiwara, Yoshiro Matsumoto, Kazuki Yao, Aki Toyosaki, Rikiya Koyama, Kenta Miyake, Nobuyuki Katsube, Houchu Ohtsuka, Takayuki Sugo For three years, Guts believed his mission was to pursue Griffith's dream together with him. But in order to become Griffith's equal and truly be called his friend, Guts realizes he will have to leave the Band of the Hawk. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Berserk: The Golden Age Arc III - The Advent","tags":" Toshiyuki Kubooka Hiroaki Iwanaga, Takahiro Sakurai, Toa Yukinari, Yuki Kaji, Yoshiro Matsumoto, Minako Kotobuki, Takahiro Fujiwara, Kazuki Yao, Yuichi Nakamura, Aki Toyosaki, Akio Otsuka A year after he left the Band of the Hawk, Guts rejoins them in an epic battle to vanquish the God Hand and save Griffith from a hellish fate. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Brother's Shadow","tags":" Todd S. Yellin Scott Cohen, Judd Hirsch, Susan Floyd, Elliot Korte, Ruben Santiago-Hudson, James Murtaugh, Ato Essandoh, Toby Poser, Diane Kagan, John Di Benedetto, Jerry Matz, Lisa Emery After serving time in jail, a disgraced son returns to the family business in New York, where he struggles to fill the shoes of his late twin brother. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Chadi Jawani Budhe Nu","tags":"  Anand After reaching his 40th birthday, an egotistical businessman kicks off his midlife crisis by deciding to secure a mistress. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Ek Jaan Hain Hum","tags":" Rajiv Mehra Rajiv Kapoor, Divya Rana, Shammi Kapoor, Tanuja, Kiran Vairale, Rakesh Bedi, Gulshan Grover, Monty Sharma While trying to win over his beloved\u2019s parents, a young man is accused of arson, and his father soon realizes insanity may be his only defense. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"FINAL FANTASY XIV Dad of Light","tags":"  Yudai Chiba, Ren Osugi, Fumika Baba, Yoshihiko Hakamada, Hatsunori Hasegawa, Mako Ishino A father and son rekindle their bond through the online role-playing game Final Fantasy XIV in this live-action series based on a true story. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Gurren Lagann","tags":"  Tetsuya Kakihara, Katsuyuki Konishi, Marina Inoue, Masaya Onosaka, Nobuyuki Hiyama, Shizuka Ito, Daiki Nakamura, Kisho Taniyama, Rina Sato, Kana Ueda, Kana Asumi, Mitsuki Saiga, Takako Honda, Yukari Fukui, Kiyoyuki Yanada, Michiko Neya, Akio Suyama, Kiyoshi Kawakubo, Narushi Ikeda, Andrea Kwan, Brett Weaver, Bridget Hoffman, Dave Bridges, David Lee Mckinney, Hynden Walch, Kyle Hebert, Michelle Ruff, Yuri Lowenthal When a young laborer escapes to the world aboveground, he discovers a violent land in which humans battle robots controlled by a power-hungry noble. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"High Risk","tags":"   From scientists to snake handlers, this series explores what motivates some people to put themselves in jeopardy to perform extraordinary feats. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"Khoon Khoon","tags":" Mohammed Hussain Danny Denzongpa, Mahendra Sandhu, Rekha, Faryal, Helen, Jagdeep As a crazed killer blazes a trail of blood through an anxious city, a hardened cop aims to take him down by any means in this remake of \u201cDirty Harry.\u201d action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"LEGO Elves: Secrets of Elvendale","tags":"  Ashleigh Ball, Erin Mathews, Rebecca Husain, Kyle Rideout, Riley Murdock, Vincent Tong, Nicole Oliver, Scott McNeil, Kathleen Barr Armed with a powerful amulet, a teenage guardian is tasked with protecting her little sister \u2013 and all of Elvendale. Based on the popular web series. familyfamily"},{"title":"Little Evil","tags":" Eli Craig Adam Scott, Evangeline Lilly, Bridget Everett, Owen Atlas, Chris D'Elia, Donald Faison, Clancy Brown, Tyler Labine, Kyle Bornheimer, Carla Gallo, Brad Williams, Sally Field In this horror-comedy, a recently married man who wants to bond with his stepson begins to fear that the boy is a demon. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"Manoranjan","tags":" Shammi Kapoor Sanjeev Kumar, Zeenat Aman, Shammi Kapoor, Dev Kumar, Madan Puri, Paintal, Asit Kumar Sen, Agha, Murad, Shefali After getting fired, a police officer connects with a prostitute he met on the job in a red-light district and sets out to keep her off the streets. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Mujrim","tags":" Umesh Mehra Mithun Chakraborty, Madhuri Dixit, Suresh Oberoi, Shakti Kapoor, Pallavi Joshi, Gulshan Grover, Amrish Puri, Nutan, Jagdeep, Sharat Saxena Jailed as a teenager, Shankar has been unable to stay on the right side of the law ever since, despite his wife's pleas and his mother's rejection. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Narcos","tags":"  Wagner Moura, Pedro Pascal, Boyd Holbrook, Dami\u00e1n Alc\u00e1zar, Alberto Ammann, Francisco Denis, P\u00eap\u00ea Rapazote, Matias Varela, Michael Stahl-David, Matt Whelan, Arturo Castro, Javier C\u00e1mara, Jos\u00e9 Mar\u00eda Yazpik, Eric Lange, Brett Cullen, Miguel \u00c1ngel Silvestre, Kerry Bish\u00e9, Paulina Gait\u00e1n, Cristina Uma\u00f1a, Paulina Garc\u00eda, Juan Sebasti\u00e1n Calero, Joanna Christie, Taliana Vargas, Andrea Londo, Manolo Cardona, Diego Cata\u00f1o, Ra\u00fal M\u00e9ndez, Bruno Bichir, Stephanie Sigman, Florencia Lozano, Juan Pablo Raba, Leynar Gomez, Konstantin Melikhov, Martina Garc\u00eda, Maurice Compte, Mauricio Cujar, Jorge Monterrosa, Germ\u00e1n Jaramillo, Juan Pablo Shuk, Juli\u00e1n D\u00edaz, Alejandro Buitrago, Federico Rivera The true story of Colombia's infamously violent and powerful drug cartels fuels this gritty gangster drama series. action,action,dramaaction,action,drama"},{"title":"Offline - Das leben ist kein bonuslevel","tags":" Florian Schnell Moritz Jahn, Mala Emde, Ugur Ekeroglu, David Sch\u00fctter, Hannes Wegener, Yung Ngo, Kida Khodr Ramadan Competitive gamer Jan finds his life thrown for a loop when his bitter rival hacks his identity just before a high-stakes tournament. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Resurface","tags":" Josh Izenberg, Wynn Padula  A suicidal war veteran finds like-minded souls in a surf therapy program that helps traumatized soldiers heal while riding the waves. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Rocco","tags":" Thierry Demaizi\u00e8re, Alban Teurlai Rocco Siffredi Italian porn star Rocco Siffredi is showcased in this documentary that shadows the legendary performer during his final year in front of the camera. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Sohni Mahiwal","tags":" Latif Faiziyev, Umesh Mehra Zeenat Aman, Pran, Tanuja, Poonam Dhillon After being violently separated from the woman he loves, a young man must disguise himself in order to keep meeting her. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Distinguished Citizen","tags":" Gast\u00f3n Duprat, Mariano Cohn Oscar Mart\u00ednez, Dady Brieva, Andrea Frigerio, Nora Navas, Manuel Vicente, Bel\u00e9n Chavanne, Marcelo D'Andrea, Gustavo Garz\u00f3n Worried he\u2019s lost his artistic edge, a wealthy expat novelist returns to his backwater hometown in Argentina, where he\u2019s regarded as a local hero. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Guardian Brothers","tags":" Gary Wang Edward Norton, Dan Fogler, Mike Birbiglia, Bella Thorne, Randall Park, Mel Brooks, Nicole Kidman, Meryl Streep When a Chinese family's soup shop is targeted for sabotage by a competitor, two guardians from the spirit world leave retirement to protect them. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Last Shaman","tags":" Raz Degan James Freeman In a last-ditch effort to prevent suicide, a clinically depressed young man travels to the Amazon to engage in an ancient hallucinatory ritual. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Lost Brother","tags":" Israel Adri\u00e1n Caetano Leonardo Sbaraglia, Daniel Hendler, \u00c1ngela Molina, Ali\u00e1n Devetac, Pablo Cedr\u00f3n, Alejandra Flechner While settling the affairs of his murdered mother and brother, a man partners with a local thug in a life insurance scam, putting him on a dark path. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Todo Sobre El Asado","tags":" Mariano Cohn, Gast\u00f3n Duprat El Negro \u00c1lvarez This quirky examination of Argentina's culture, customs and cuisine slices into the country's traditional barbecue \u2013 which is both meal and ritual. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Ryan Hamilton: Happy Face","tags":" Marcus Raboy Ryan Hamilton Small-town import Ryan Hamilton charms New York with folksy comic observations on big-city life, hot-air ballooning and going to Disney World alone. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Buster's Mal Heart","tags":" Sarah Adina Smith Rami Malek, DJ Qualls, Kate Lyn Sheil, Sukha Belle Potter, Toby Huss, Lin Shaye, Mark Kelly, Bruce Bundy, Teresa Yenque, Sandra Ellis Lafferty, Nicholas Pryor On the run from authorities, a troubled man recalls the mysterious events \u2013 and the strange drifter \u2013 that inspired his unusual transformation. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Berlin Syndrome","tags":" Cate Shortland Matthias Habich, Max Riemelt, Teresa Palmer, Lucie Aron, Emma Bading What starts as a passionate one-night stand quickly turns sinister when Clare learns she's locked inside Andi's apartment with no way out. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Death Note","tags":" Adam Wingard Willem Dafoe, Nat Wolff, Lakeith Stanfield, Margaret Qualley, Shea Whigham, Paul Nakauchi, Jason Liles Light Turner finds a supernatural notebook and uses it to mete out death, attracting the attention of a detective, a demon and a girl in his class. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Lynne Koplitz: Hormonal Beast","tags":" Marcus Raboy Lynne Koplitz Unabashed comedian Lynne Koplitz offers a woman's take on being crazy, the benefits of childlessness and the three things all men really want. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Dinotrux","tags":"  Andrew Francis, Richard Ian Cox, Ashleigh Ball, Matt Hill, Brian Drummond, Paul Dobson Half dinosaur, half construction truck, full-on fun! Watch giant Ty Rux, his little buddy Revvit and the crew come face-to-face with evil D-Structs. familyfamily"},{"title":"Marvel's The Defenders","tags":"  Charlie Cox, Krysten Ritter, Mike Colter, Finn Jones, Sigourney Weaver, Elodie Yung, Elden Henson, Jessica Henwick, Simone Missick, Rachael Taylor, Deborah Ann Woll, Rosario Dawson, Carrie-Anne Moss, Eka Darville, Scott Glenn Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage and Iron Fist join forces to take on common enemies as a sinister conspiracy threatens New York City. action,action,dramaaction,action,drama"},{"title":"Undefeated","tags":" Daniel Lindsay, T.J. Martin Montrail 'Money' Brown, O.C. Brown, Bill Courtney, Chavis Daniels An inspirational profile of an inner-city high school football team's valiant effort to reach the school's first-ever playoff game. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"What Happened to Monday","tags":" Tommy Wirkola Noomi Rapace, Willem Dafoe, Glenn Close, Marwan Kenzari, Christian Rubeck, P\u00e5l Sverre Hagen, Tomiwa Edun, Cassie Clare, Cameron Jack, Clara Read, Robert Wagner In a future with a strict one-child policy, six septuplets must avoid government detection while searching for their missing sister. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"20 Minutes","tags":"  Tuba B\u00fcy\u00fck\u00fcst\u00fcn, Ilker Aksum, B\u00fclent Emin Yarar, \u0130pek Bilgin, M\u00fcjde Uzman, Firat \u00c7elik, Ayten Uncuoglu, Cihat Tamer When his wife is convicted of murder, a horrified family man races to prove her innocence while a dogged investigator sets out to uncover the truth. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Brad Paisley's Comedy Rodeo","tags":" Jay Chapman Brad Paisley, Nate Bargatze, John Heffron, Jon Reep, Sarah Tiana, Mike E. Winfield Country music star Brad Paisley hosts a night of music and laughs with comics Nate Bargatze, John Heffron, Jon Reep, Sarah Tiana and Mike E. Winfield. music,comedymusic,comedy"},{"title":"Colin Quinn: Unconstitutional","tags":" Jay Chapman Colin Quinn New York comedian Colin Quinn writes and stars in this live one-man stage show that dissects and deconstructs U.S. constitutional history. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Million Yen Women","tags":"  Yojiro Noda, Rila Fukushima, Rena Matsui, Miwako Wagatsuma, Rena Takeda, Yuko Araki, Yuya Endo, Kaito Yoshimura, Moeka Hoshi, Juri Ihata, Mariko Tsutsui, Kanji Furutachi, Tetsuhiro Ikeda, Takashi Yamanaka, Tomoya Nakamura, Lily Franky Five beautiful but mysterious women move in with unsuccessful novelist Shin, who manages their odd household in exchange for a tidy monthly sum. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Outcasts","tags":" Peter Hutchings Victoria Justice, Eden Sher, Ashley Rickards, Claudia Lee, Katie Chang, Peyton List, Jazmyn Richardson, Avan Jogia, Will Peltz After failing to strike a truce with their school's queen bee, two misfit best friends lead a nerd uprising that turns social hierarchy on its head. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Chocolate City: Vegas Strip","tags":" Jean-Claude La Marre Robert Ri'chard, Darrin Dewitt Henson, Ginuwine, Gilbert Saldivar, Keith Carlos, Michael Bolwaire, Willie Taylor, Michael Jai White, Vivica A. Fox, Mekhi Phifer The exotic dancers from Chocolate City get back together for a trip to Las Vegas and a chance at $500,000 in prize money. dramadrama"},{"title":"Los Herederos","tags":" Jorge Hernandez Aldana M\u00e1ximo Hollander, Sebasti\u00e1n Aguirre, \u00darsula Pruneda, Rodrigo Mendoza, Germ\u00e1n Bracco, Tom\u00e1s Manterola, Regina Soto, Diego Vel\u00e1zquez, M\u00f3nica Del Carmen, Jos\u00e9 Eg\u00fcez, Pablo Cruz Spurred by boredom and peer pressure, a group of suburban teens becomes increasingly violent and find their paths intersecting those of their parents. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Naked","tags":" Michael Tiddes Marlon Wayans, Regina Hall, Dennis Haysbert, Loretta Devine, Eliza Coupe, Scott Foley, J.T. Jackson, Brian McKnight, Cory Hardrict, Neil Brown Jr., David Sheridan, Minka Kelly Rob's madly in love and about to be married. Unfortunately, he's also naked, stuck in an elevator and caught in a time loop. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Demonic","tags":" Will Canon Maria Bello, Frank Grillo, Cody Horn, Dustin Milligan, Megan Park, Scott Mechlowicz, Aaron Yoo, Alex Goode, Terence Rosemore, Jesse Steccato When amateur ghost hunters visit an abandoned house, their investigation turns into a massacre, leaving questions for a detective and a psychologist. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Saint","tags":" Ernie Barbarash Adam Rayner, Eliza Dushku, Ian Ogilvy, James Remar, Roger Moore, Enrique Murciano, Thomas Kretschmann, Beatrice Rosen, Greg Grunberg, Yani Gellman Master thief Simon Templar \u2013 also known as the Saint \u2013 is hired by a wealthy banker to find his kidnapped daughter, but not all is as it seems. actionaction"},{"title":"Baahubali 2: The Conclusion (Hindi Version)","tags":" S.S. Rajamouli Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty, Tamannaah Bhatia, Sathyaraj, Ramya Krishnan, Nassar, Subbaraju To avenge his father's death, a young man leads an army into battle against a cruel tyrant in this Hindi conclusion to the historic saga. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Baahubali: The Beginning (Hindi Version)","tags":" S.S. Rajamouli Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty, Tamannaah Bhatia, Sathyaraj, Nassar, Ramya Krishnan, Sudeep Villagers in the kingdom of Mahismati rescue a baby who is destined to embark on a heroic quest in this Hindi version of S.S. Rajamouli's epic. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"LEGO Marvel Super Heroes: Avengers Reassembled!","tags":" Rob Silvestri Laura Bailey, Troy Baker, Eric Bauza, Ben Diskin, Grant George, JP Karliak, Jim Meskimen, Bumper Robinson, Roger Craig Smith, Fred Tatasciore, Travis Willingham, Mick Wingert When Ultron seizes control of Iron Man's armor, the Avengers race to save their friend and stop an evil plot to take over the world. familyfamily"},{"title":"Enter the Warriors Gate","tags":" Matthias Hoene Jeff Daniels, Jack O'Connell, Michelle Dockery, Scoot McNairy, Merritt Wever, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Francis Ng, Ni Ni An avid gamer is magically transported to ancient China, where he must become a warrior in order to save the princess from an evil warlord. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Alan Salda\u00f1a: Mi vida de pobre","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Alan Salda\u00f1a Mexican comic Alan Salda\u00f1a has fun with everything from the pressure of sitting in an exit row to maxing out his credit card in this stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Icarus","tags":" Bryan Fogel Bryan Fogel, Grigory Rodchenkov An American filmmaker and cyclist unwittingly wades into a global scandal when a Russian scientist leaks shocking details of a vast doping conspiracy. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Message from the King","tags":" Fabrice Du Welz Chadwick Boseman, Luke Evans, Teresa Palmer, Alfred Molina, Natalie Martinez, Tom Felton, Dale Dickey, Sibongile Mlambo On a relentless quest to avenge his sister's murder, a man from Cape Town infiltrates a sprawling network of lowlifes and elites in Los Angeles. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Wet Hot American Summer: Ten Years Later","tags":"  Elizabeth Banks, Lake Bell, H. Jon Benjamin, Michael Ian Black, Sarah Burns, Josh Charles, Jai Courtney, Beth Dover, John Early, Mark Feuerstein, Janeane Garofalo, Skyler Gisondo, Nina Hellman, Samm Levine, Joe Lo Truglio, Ken Marino, Christopher Meloni, Alyssa Milano, A.D. Miles, Marguerite Moreau, Eric Nenninger, Zak Orth, David Hyde Pierce, Chris Pine, Amy Poehler, Paul Rudd, Jason Schwartzman, Adam Scott, Molly Shannon, Michael Showalter, Rich Sommer, David Wain, Kristen Wiig A decade after their wild summer as junior counselors, the gang reunites for a weekend of bonding, hanky-panky and hair-raising adventures. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Invisible Guardian","tags":" Fernando Gonz\u00e1lez Molina Marta Etura, Elvira M\u00ednguez, Francesc Orella, Itziar Aizpuru, Nene, Miquel Fern\u00e1ndez, Pedro Casablanc, Colin McFarlane, Benn Northover When an FBI-trained cop returns to her Navarre hometown to catch a killer targeting local teens, she must also face personal demons from her past. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Bountiful Blessings","tags":"  Jessica Hsuan, Tay Ping Hui, Thomas Ong, Jeffrey Xu, Ya Hui, Ann Kok, Zhu Houren, Yao Wenlong A former mortal who is now the Kitchen God cooks up celestial turmoil when he impregnates and opens a restaurant with his beloved, reincarnated wife. foregin,drama,fantasyforegin,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Close Your Eyes Before It\u2019s Dark","tags":"  Bryan Shu-Hao Chang, Jian Man-shu, Yen Tsao, Sun Ke-fang, Allen Chen, Jake Hsu, Chu Sheng-ping, Blue Lan While vacationing at a mountain cabin, a group of longtime friends uncovers an old scandal that could have deadly consequences. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Entangled","tags":"  Thomas Ong, Jack Tan, Margaret Wang, Kate Pang, Huang Qi Ming, Aileen Tan, Rayson Tan, Zhang Shui Fa When the children of two families become friends, they begin to unravel a horrific crime in the past that already linked their fathers to each other. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Fartsa","tags":"  Alexander Petrov, Fillip Gorenshtein, Maksim Emelyanov, Aleksey Vesyolkin, Zoya Berber, Ieva Andrejevaite As four Russian friends grow up in the early '60s, life, love and the curse of success threaten to derail their dreams. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Handsome Devil","tags":" John Butler Fionn O'Shea, Nicholas Galitzine, Andrew Scott, Michael McElhatton, Moe Dunford, Ruair\u00ed O'Connor, Jay Duffy, Mark Lavery, Jamie Hallahan, Ardal O'Hanlon, Amy Huberman A self-described outsider is sent to a rugby-obsessed boarding school, where he forms an unexpected bond with the star player. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Jessica Darling's It List","tags":" Ali Scher Chloe East, Emma Rayne Lyle, Jane Widdop, Jane Sibbett, Eric Lutes, Blair Fowler, Ashley Liao, Eva Bella, Kimrie Lewis-Davis, Abraham Benrubi Armed with popularity tips from her beautiful older sister, precocious Jessica Darling prepares to navigate the treacherous world of seventh grade. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Life Plan A and B","tags":"  Rainie Yang, Yan Yu-lin, Johnny Lu, Chang Fu-chien, Chen Chi-hsia Two parallel life paths begin for a man and woman in love after she is offered a lucrative promotion far away and must choose between love and career. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Locust","tags":"  Pyotr Fyodorov, Paulina Andreeva, Dmitry Shevchenko, Aleksey Gorbunov, Evgeniya Dmitrieva, Maksim Pinsker A torrid affair between a passionate lowborn poet and a wealthy Moscow heiress is engulfed by class difference, criminality and, eventually, murder. action,foregin,romanceaction,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Opening Night","tags":" Isaac Rentz Topher Grace, Alona Tal, Anne Heche, Taye Diggs, Rob Riggle, Paul Scheer, J.C. Chasez, Lauren Lapkus, Lesli Margherita, Brian Huskey Once a rising star on Broadway, Nick is now the perennially pestered production manager for a new musical dedicated to rock music's one-hit wonders. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Raising the Bar","tags":" Clay Glen Kelli Berglund, Lili Karamalikis, Tess Fowler, Emily Morris, Peta Shannon, Adam Tuominen, Caetlyn Collins, Jack Tomich, Isabelle Andary-Geslin, Rachel D'Sena A teenager who gave up her spot in an elite U.S. gymnastics program when her family moved to Australia enters a competition to help a new friend. family,drama,sportsfamily,drama,sports"},{"title":"The Blind Christ","tags":" Christopher Murray Michael Silva, Basti\u00e1n Inostroza, Ana Mar\u00eda Henr\u00edquez, Mauricio Pinto, Pedro Godoy, Hermelinda Cayo, H\u00e9ctor Mella, Gonzalo Villalobos, Noelia Rubio A man claiming he had a divine revelation as a child treks across the Chilean desert to perform a miracle on a friend badly injured in a remote town. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The In-Laws","tags":"  Louise Lee, Rui En, Pierre Png, Darren Lim, Cynthia Koh, Belinda Lee She swore not to meddle in her kids' lives like her mother-in-law meddled in hers. But when her sons get married, that vow proves not so easy to keep. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The IT Crowd","tags":"  Chris O'Dowd, Richard Ayoade, Katherine Parkinson, Matt Berry Aided by a tech-illiterate manager, a pair of basement-dwelling dweebs makes the most of life in IT at a corporation run by a cloddish new owner. foregin,classic,foreginforegin,classic,foregin"},{"title":"Un plus une","tags":" Claude Lelouch Jean Dujardin, Elsa Zylberstein, Christopher Lambert, Alice Pol, Rahul Vohra, Shriya Pilgaonkar, Abhishek Krishnan, Venantino Venantini, Amma, Kalki Koechlin A womanizing musician travels to India, where he composes a Bollywood film score and unexpectedly falls for the wife of the French ambassador. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Vexed","tags":"  Toby Stephens, Miranda Raison, Lucy Punch, Nick Dunning, Rory Kinnear, Ronny Jhutti, Roger Griffiths, Patrick Baladi Charming slacker DI Jack Armstrong and driven professional DI Kate Bishop try to solve crimes together without driving each other crazy. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"World War II in Colour","tags":"  Robert Powell Footage of the most dramatic moments from World War II is restored in color and high definition for this historical documentary series. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Daughters of Destiny","tags":" Vanessa Roth  Five girls from India's most impoverished families attend a boarding school designed to create opportunities as they strive for a brighter future. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Incredible Jessica James","tags":" Jim Strouse Jessica Williams, Chris O'Dowd, Lakeith Stanfield, No\u00ebl Wells, Taliyah Whitaker, Zabryna Guevara, Sarah Jones, Will Stephen, Susan Heyward, Megan Ketch Burned by a bad breakup, a struggling New York City playwright makes an unlikely connection with a divorced app designer she meets on a blind date. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Joe Mande\u2019s Award-Winning Comedy Special","tags":" Daniel Gray Longino Joe Mande Stand-up comic Joe Mande aims for critical adulation with this special that covers dating shows, \"Shark Tank,\" Jewish summer camp and much more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"I Called Him Morgan","tags":" Kasper Collin  Decades after serving a prison sentence for killing jazz musician Lee Morgan, his common-law wife, Helen, reflects on their lives and his legacy. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Aditi Mittal: Things They Wouldn't Let Me Say","tags":" Fazila Allana Aditi Mittal Trailblazing comic Aditi Mittal mixes topical stand-up with frank talk about being single, wearing thongs and the awkwardness of Indian movie ratings. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ari Shaffir: Double Negative","tags":" Eric Abrams Ari Shaffir Wry yet thoughtful, comedian Ari Shaffir brings his edgy humor to two fast-paced stand-up specials about children and adulthood. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Uncertain Glory","tags":" Agust\u00ed Villaronga Marcel Borr\u00e0s, Bruna Cus\u00ed, Nuria Prims, Oriol Pla, Luisa Gavasa, Terele P\u00e1vez, Fernando Esteso, Juan Diego, Roger Casamajor, Jorge Us\u00f3n When Llu\u00eds, a disinterested Spanish soldier, meets Carlana, he falls quickly in love, but soon discovers that Carlana's true passion is power. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Amar","tags":" Esteban Crespo Mar\u00eda Pedraza, Pol Monen, Natalia Tena, Nacho Fresneda, Greta Fern\u00e1ndez, Gustavo Salmer\u00f3n, Celso Bugallo, Sonia Almarcha, Marta Belenguer Young Laura and Carlos experience the intensity and fragility of first love, as life realities gradually tarnish their idealized notions of romance. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Buddy Thunderstruck: The Maybe Pile","tags":" Harry Chaskin Brian Atkinson, Ted Raimi, Harry Chaskin, Debi Derryberry, Philip Maurice Hayes, Leigh Kelly, J.D. Ryznar, Nick Shakoour, Ryan Wiesbrock, Clark Wiesbrock Champion truck-racing dog Buddy and his best friend, ferret mechanic Darnell, paw through the \"maybe pile\" and test out a bunch of crazy stunts. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Chasing Coral","tags":" Jeff Orlowski  Divers, scientists and photographers around the world mount an epic underwater campaign to document the disappearance of coral reefs. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"To the Bone","tags":" Marti Noxon Lily Collins, Keanu Reeves, Carrie Preston, Lili Taylor, Alex Sharp, Liana Liberato, Brooke Smith, Leslie Bibb, Kathryn Prescott Ellen, a 20-year-old with anorexia nervosa, goes on a harrowing, sometimes funny journey of self-discovery at a group home run by an unusual doctor. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"D.L. Hughley: Clear","tags":" Jay Chapman D.L. Hughley In this 2014 standup special filmed in San Francisco, comedic genius D.L. Hughley entertains with his hilarious take on current affairs and more. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Tom Segura: Completely Normal","tags":" Jay Chapman Tom Segura Levelheaded stand-up Tom Segura shares offhand appraisals on hotels and opens up about his hobbies and digestive ailments in this comedy special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Dawn of the Croods","tags":"  Stephanie Lemelin, A.J. LoCascio, Dan Milano, Grey DeLisle, Cree Summer, Laraine Newman, Chris Parnell, Ana Gasteyer, Dee Bradley Baker, Thomas Lennon, Dominic Catrambone The world's first family is back for more laughs as they discover sports, sleepovers and other wonders in a world of exotic creatures and adventures. familyfamily"},{"title":"Degrassi: Next Class","tags":" Stefan Brogren Amanda Arcuri, Amir Bageria, Soma Bhatia, Jamie Bloch, Stefan Brogren, Chelsea Clark, Reiya Downs, Ana Golja, Nikki Gould, Ricardo Hoyos, Ehren Kassam, Andre Kim, Lyle Lettau, Spencer MacPherson, Eric Osborne, Dante Scott, Olivia Scriven, Sara Waisglass, Richard Walters Degrassi's next generation of high-tech newbies and returning students navigates real-world high school drama. If you're a teen, this is your life. foregin,drama,showforegin,drama,show"},{"title":"Diamond Lover","tags":"  Rain, Tiffany Tang, Luo Jin, Dilraba Dilmurat, Yao Yichen After an accident leads to great weight loss, once-obese Mi Duo embarks on a new life working for her secret crush, diamond company CEO Xiao Liang. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"King\u2019s War","tags":"  Chen Daoming, Peter Ho, Duan Yihong, Qin Lan, Li Yixiao, Yang Lixin, You Yong, Yu Hewei In 210 B.C., during the upheaval following the death of Emperor Qin, insurgent warriors Xiang Yu and Liu Bang fight for control of the Chinese empire. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Qin Empire: Alliance","tags":"  Fu Dalong, Ning Jing, Yu Entai, Zhou Bo, Fu Miao, Feihu Sun, Lu Ying, Qiu Yongli During the Warring States period, Qin state ruler Duke Xiao recruits statesman Shang Yang to help enact bold reforms that transform western China. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Take Me","tags":" Pat Healy Taylor Schilling, Pat Healy, Alycia Delmore, Jim O'Heir, Brooke Dillman, Mark Kelly, Toby Huss, Alejandro Pati\u00f1o With his simulated kidnapping business flagging, an entrepreneur jumps at a weekend abduction opportunity \u2013 only to find the job isn't what it seems. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Legend of Bruce Lee","tags":"  Danny Chan, Michelle Lang, Ted Duran, Hazen MacIntyre, Luoyong Wang, Natalia Dzyublo, Traci Ann Wolfe, Ke Gai, Zhou Zhou, Yu Chenghui The brief but spectacular career of martial arts superstar Bruce Lee is recounted in this drama, starring Danny Chan as the enigmatic and driven Lee. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"10 jours en or","tags":" Nicolas Brossette Franck Dubosc, Claude Rich, Marie Kremer, Mathis Tour\u00e9, Rufus, Olivier Claverie When a carefree bachelor is unexpectedly left in charge of a young boy, the two embark on a road trip that will change both of their lives. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"46","tags":" Serdar Akar Erdal Be\u015fik\u00e7io\u011flu, Yasemin Allen, Melis Birkan, Sayg\u0131n Soysal, Berkan \u015eal, Metin Belgin, Ay\u00e7a Eren, Selin Uludo\u011fan, \u00d6zay Fecht, Suna Y\u0131ld\u0131zo\u011flu A genetics professor experiments with a treatment for his comatose sister that blends medical and shamanic cures, but unlocks a shocking side effect. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"A 2nd Chance","tags":" Clay Glen Nina Pearce, Adam Tuominen, Emily Morris, Amy Handley, Carmel Johnson, Alanah Gilbert, Hapi Murphy, Lilly Blacker, Julie Kay Lumasag, Elysia Markou A gymnast lacks the confidence she needs to reach the top. But with the help of her new coach, she has the chance to win a spot on the national team. family,drama,sportsfamily,drama,sports"},{"title":"Against the Tide","tags":"  Christopher Lee, Rui En, Desmond Tan, Zheng Geping, Zhang Zhenhuan, Paige Chua, Xu Bin, Carrie Wong A detective and a psychologist investigating a string of murders form a crime-solving team with the novelist whose work inspired the killings. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Amrapali","tags":" Lekh Tandon Vyjayantimala, Sunil Dutt, Prem Nath, Bipin Gupta, Gajanan Jagirdar, Zul Vellani, K.N. Singh, Randhir In the age of Buddha and his philosophy of nonviolence, a warmonger king plots the destruction of an enemy kingdom to rescue the woman he loves. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Barbie Life in the Dreamhouse","tags":"  Kate Higgins, Sean Hankinson, Haviland Stillwell, Paula Rhodes, Charlie Bodin, Laura Gerow, Katie Crown, Nakia Burrise, Tara Sands, Ashlyn Selich Join blond icon Barbie and her fabulous friends as their behind-the-scenes adventures are revealed in this animated Web series. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Hans Teeuwen: Real Rancour","tags":" Doesjka van Hoogdalem Hans Teeuwen Comedian Hans Teeuwen rebels against political correctness, proclaims himself Britain's moral leader and takes on Donald Trump. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Intersection","tags":"  \u0130brahim \u00c7elikkol, Bel\u00e7im Bilgin, Alican Y\u00fccesoy, Teoman Kumbarac\u0131ba\u015f\u0131, Serdar Ye\u011fin, T\u00fclay G\u00fcnal, G\u00f6zde C\u0131\u011fac\u0131, Ferit Aktu\u011f, Rojda Demirer, Aybars Kartal \u00d6zson Two wealthy businessmen with car obsessions cross paths with an idealist pediatrician. Love enters the equation, and their lives change for good. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Lal Patthar","tags":" Sushil Majumdar Raaj Kumar, Hema Malini, Rakhee Gulzar, Vinod Mehra, Asit Kumar Sen, Paintal, Dulari, Chandramohan, Sujata Bakshi, Meena T. A vain, self-righteous nobleman falls in love with a village girl and tries to transform her into his version of the ideal woman. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Learning Songs by Little Baby Bum: Nursery Rhyme Friends","tags":"  Chloe Marsden, Aaron Marsden, Mar\u00eda Esnoz Simple songs mix with colorful animation to teach youngsters about concepts such as animals, vehicles, numbers, colors and more. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Liar's Dice","tags":" Geetu Mohandas Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Geetanjali Thapa, Manya Gupta, Murari Kumar A woman from a small mountain village disobeys her village elders and sets out for the big city in search of her missing husband. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Mystic Whispers","tags":"  Romeo Tan, Sheila Sim, Yuan Shuai, Aloysius Pang After a car accident enables a young woman to hear mysterious sounds, she meets a mortician. Together, they listen to ghosts and try to help them. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Professor","tags":" Lekh Tandon Shammi Kapoor, Kalpana, Lalita Pawar, Parveen Choudhary, Salim, Pratima Devi, Rashid Khan, Bir Sakuja, Bela Bose, Ratnamala A college grad in need of money must disguise himself as an old man to tutor two young women who are under the watchful eye of their strict aunt. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Invisible Guest","tags":" Paulo Oriol Mario Casas, Ana Wagener, Jos\u00e9 Coronado, B\u00e1rbara Lennie, Francesc Orella, Paco Tous, David Selvas After waking next to his now-dead lover in a hotel room, a young businessman hires a prominent lawyer to figure out how he ended up a murder suspect. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"The Oath","tags":"  Christopher Lee, Jesseca Liu, Ann Kok, Kate Pang, Zhang Zhenhuan, Richard Low Two doctors with opposite approaches to treating patients clash on the job and must learn to trust each other's expertise, allowing love to bloom. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"The Truth Seekers","tags":"  Chen Hanwei, Rebecca Lim, Desmond Tan, Yusuke Fukuchi A veteran cop forms an agency dedicated to solving cold cases, including those related to the team members' own painful and mysterious pasts. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Ultimatum","tags":"  Zoe Tay, Fann Wong, Li Nanxing, Tay Ping Hui, Elvin Ng, Felicia Chin, Jerry Yeo Love and intrigue swirl around two women \u2013 one a champion of human rights, the other an ambitious businesswoman \u2013 who were switched at birth. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Unriddle","tags":"  Rui En, Chen Liping, Tay Ping Hui, Andie Chen, Xiang Yun, Joshua Ang, Zhou Ying When a hard-nosed detective reluctantly partners with an informant to solve complex cases, she uncovers links to a particularly puzzling cold case. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"World at Your Feet","tags":"  Ha Yu, Tay Ping Hui, Jeanette Aw, Elvin Ng, Yvonne Lim, Zhang Zhenhuan, Vivian Lai, Ian Fang, Xu Bin A group of struggling individuals are united by a love of soccer. At the center is Renxin, a reclusive widower and former coach who needs new hope. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Yaar Gaddar","tags":" Umesh Mehra Mithun Chakraborty, Saif Ali Khan, Somy Ali, Prem Chopra, Gulshan Grover, Puneet Issar, Himani Shivpuri, Johnny Lever, Yunus Parvez, Umesh Shukla When his brother becomes involved in a deadly bank robbery, a heartbroken cop vows to track down and retrieve his wayward sibling \u2013 dead or alive. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Yes We Can!","tags":"  Romeo Tan, Rebecca Lim, Sora Ma, Xu Bin, Chen Liping, Chen Hanwei, Yao Wenlong, Eelyn Kok, Dennis Chew When a frustrated businessman starts his own firm, it soon morphs into a way to help senior citizens refresh their dying traditional trades. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Yours Fatefully","tags":"  Kingone Wang, Jesseca Liu, Xiang Yun, Chen Shucheng, Eelyn Kok, Cavin Soh, Sora Ma Two lonely singles meet on a blind date and slowly get to know each other, unaware that their parents are friends and may be falling in love. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Zipi & Zape y la Isla del Capitan","tags":" Oskar Santos Teo Planell, Toni G\u00f3mez, Elena Anaya, Iria Castellano, M\u00e1ximo Pastor, Ana Blanco de C\u00f3rdova, Ferm\u00ed Reixach, Jorge Bosch, Carolina Lapausa, Goizalde N\u00fa\u00f1ez, Juan Codina At Christmas, Zip and Zap take a trip with their parents to a remote island, where a friendly woman runs a children's home and mystery awaits. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Criminal Minds","tags":"  Mandy Patinkin, Joe Mantegna, Thomas Gibson, Shemar Moore, Matthew Gray Gubler, Kirsten Vangsness, A.J. Cook, Paget Brewster, Lola Glaudini, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Jeanne Tripplehorn This intense police procedural follows a group of extraordinary FBI profilers who spend their days getting into the minds of psychopathic criminals. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Gypsy","tags":"  Naomi Watts, Billy Crudup, Sophie Cookson, Karl Glusman, Poorna Jagannathan, Brooke Bloom, Lucy Boynton, Melanie Liburd, Brenda Vaccaro, Maren Heary, Blythe Danner Therapist Jean Holloway develops dangerous and intimate relationships with the people in her patients' lives in this simmering psychological thriller. dramadrama"},{"title":"Little Witch Academia","tags":"  Megumi Han, Fumiko Orikasa, Michiyo Murase, Yoko Hikasa, Arisa Shida, Rie Murakawa, Reina Ueda, Ryosuke Kanemoto, Junko Takeuchi, Noriko Hidaka Akko enrolls at the Luna Nova Witchcraft Academy. She's not the best student, but her bright attitude is the key to her and her friends' success. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Okja","tags":" Bong Joon Ho Tilda Swinton, Jake Gyllenhaal, An Seo Hyun, Paul Dano, Steven Yeun, Byun Heebong, Lily Collins, Yoon Je Moon, Shirley Henderson, Daniel Henshall, Devon Bostick, Woo Shik Choi, Giancarlo Esposito A gentle giant and the girl who raised her are caught in the crossfire between animal activism, corporate greed and scientific ethics. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Chris D'Elia: Man on Fire","tags":" Bill D'Elia Chris D'Elia Unbridled comic Chris D'Elia reconsiders his approach to major life events like marriage, not having kids and buying pants for your friends. comedycomedy"},{"title":"I Am Michael","tags":" Justin Kelly James Franco, Zachary Quinto, Emma Roberts, Charlie Carver, Avan Jogia, Daryl Hannah, Lesley Ann Warren, Jefferson Mays, Jan Maxwell, Ahna O'Reilly Gay activist Michael Glatze begins a painful journey when he decides to renounce his sexuality for his religion in this drama based on true story. drama,lgbtdrama,lgbt"},{"title":"Nobody Speak: Trials of the Free Press","tags":" Brian Knappenberger  Hulk Hogan's court case against Gawker Media sheds light on wealthy, powerful figures who challenge freedom of the press in order to silence critics. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"You Get Me","tags":" Brent Bonacorso Bella Thorne, Halston Sage, Taylor John Smith, Nash Grier, Anna Akana, Kathryn Morris, Brigid Brannagh, Kimberly Williams-Paisley, Tyler Hanson After a one-night stand, Holly develops a dangerous obsession with Tyler and transfers to his high school, desperate to keep their \"romance\" alive. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Dangal","tags":" Nitesh Tiwari Aamir Khan, Sakshi Tanwar, Fatima Sana Shaikh, Sanya Malhotra, Aparshakti Khurana, Zaira Wasim, Suhani Bhatnagar, Ritwik Sahore A once-promising wrestler pursues the gold medal he never won by training two of his daughters to compete at the Commonwealth Games. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Young & Hungry","tags":"  Emily Osment, Kym Whitley, Rex Lee, Jonathan Sadowski, Aimee Carrero, Jesse McCartney, Ashley Tisdale A female food blogger is hired as a personal chef by a young tech tycoon and faces a new menu of challenges, both inside and outside of the kitchen. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures","tags":"  Erin Mathews, Sam Vincent, Andrea Libman, Ashleigh Ball, Ian James Corlett, Brian Drummond, Lee Tockar, Matt Hill Teenage Pac and his loyal crew face the ups and downs of adolescence while protecting Pac-World from a ghostly army led by the evil Betrayus. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Puss in Book: Trapped in an Epic Tale","tags":" Roy Burdine, Johnny Castuciano Eric Bauza, Jayma Mays, Maria Bamford, Jeff Bennett, Grey Griffin, Carla Jimenez, Paul Rugg, Joshua Rush After tumbling into a magic storybook, Puss in Boots must fight, dance and romance his way through wild adventures as he searches for an escape. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Rory Scovel Tries Stand-Up for the First Time","tags":" Scott Moran Rory Scovel Comedian Rory Scovel storms the stage in Atlanta, where he shares unfocused thoughts about things that mystify him, relationships and the \"Thong Song.\" comedycomedy"},{"title":"Aquarius","tags":"  David Duchovny, Gethin Anthony, Grey Damon, Emma Dumont, Claire Holt, Michaela McManus, Br\u00edan F. O'Byrne, David Meunier, Ambyr Childers, Tara Lynne Barr, Whitney Rose Pynn, Jason Ralph Amid the turmoil of 1960s LA, two cops and a prominent political family are drawn into the sex- and drug-fueled web of a young Charles Manson. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Counterpunch","tags":" Jay Bulger  As boxing's popularity wanes, three fighters at different stages of their career make sacrifices to pursue their dreams of becoming champions. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"What the Health","tags":" Kip Andersen, Keegan Kuhn  This film examines the link between diet and disease, and the billions of dollars at stake in the healthcare, pharmaceutical and food industries. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"World of Winx","tags":" Iginio Straffi Haven Paschall, Alysha Deslorieux, Jessica Paquet, Eileen Stevens, Kate Bristol, Saskia Maarleveld, Brittany Pressley, Billy Bob Thompson, Marc Thompson, Suzy Myers, Jason Griffith, Samara Naeymi, Wayne Grayson, Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld, Abe Goldfarb, Lisa Flanagan The reality show \"WOW!\" engages the Winx in their mission, starting an undercover, worldly journey in order to make talented kids' dreams come true. familyfamily"},{"title":"Kanavu Variyam","tags":" Arun Chidambaram Jiya Anil Manne, Arun Chidambaram, T.P. Gajendran, Gnanasambandam, M. Ilavarasu, Yog Japee, Mayilsamy, Black Pandi Despite doubts from fellow villagers who think he\u2019s crazy, an ambitious dropout commits himself to solving a persistent local electricity crisis. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Marco Luque: Tamo Junto","tags":" Caio Cobra Marco Luque Eclectic character comedian Marco Luque plays himself in this stand-up special about relationships, regional differences and his own love of movies. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Russian Revolution","tags":" Cal Seville Jonathan Kydd Starting in 1881, this film describes how the personal battle between the royal Romanovs and Lenin's Ulyanov family led to the Russian Revolution. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Oh, Hello On Broadway","tags":" Michael John Warren Nick Kroll, John Mulaney Two delusional geriatrics reveal curious pasts, share a love of tuna and welcome a surprise guest in this filming of the popular Broadway comedy show. comedycomedy"},{"title":"28 Moons","tags":"  Jin-sung Yang, Kyu-jong Kim, Tae-hwan Kang, Geummi When her fianc\u00e9 acts strangely upon receiving a mysterious invitation, a florist sets out to find out the truth behind the tiny scrap of paper. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Magic Phone","tags":"  Jin-woo Kim, Min-ji Park, In-jun Gwak, Gi-du Kim When an ordinary guy crosses paths 15 years later with his childhood sweetheart, now an actress, a magic cellphone allows him to be her protector. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Man to Man","tags":" Chang-Min Lee Hae-Jin Park, Sung-woong Park, Min-jung Kim, Jung-an Chae, Jung-hoon Yeon, Hyun-sung Jang, Man-sik Jung, Shin-il Kang, Ho-jin Chun, In-ho Tae Disguised as a bodyguard, a special agent must complete his national secret tasks while pandering to the whims of his ill-tempered world star. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"My Little Baby","tags":"  Ji-ho Oh, Soo-kyung Lee, Min-jae Kim, Ji-hyun Nam A top detective in the violent crimes unit becomes the sole guardian of his 6-month-old niece when his sister and her husband pass away unexpectedly. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Singles Villa","tags":"  Joe Cheng, Lulu Xu, Jiro Wang, Viann Zhang, Han Chengyu In a luxurious condominium complex with draconian rules forbidding all romance, two residents fall in love and dare to start a secret relationship. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Under the Black Moonlight","tags":"  Tae-hyun Nam, Soo-yeon Kim, Seo-ra Kim, Tae-hwan Kang, Young-jo Yang A college art club welcomes a new member who has the secret ability to smell death and who warns one of them to leave her boyfriend ... or else. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"My Only Love Song","tags":"  Seung-yeon Gong, Jong-hyun Lee, Yeon-seo Kim, Bo-hyun Ahn, Jai-jin Lee, Joo-hyung Park When things don't go her way during a shooting for her new show, a top actress runs away in an old van that guides her on a time-traveling journey. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Shimmer Lake","tags":" Oren Uziel Benjamin Walker, Rainn Wilson, Rob Corddry, Adam Pally, Ron Livingston, John Michael Higgins, Wyatt Russell, Stephanie Sigman, Mark Rendall, Isabel Dove, Angela Vint Unfolding in reverse time, this darkly comic crime thriller follows a local sheriff hunting three bank robbery suspects, one of whom is his brother. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Wishing Tree","tags":" Manika Sharma Shabana Azmi, Makrand Deshpande, Harshpreet Kaur, Aabhas Yadav, Shivani Joshi, Saurabh Shukla Five children living on the edge of a forest band together to save a magical wishing tree from destruction and find their own paths to happiness. family,drama,musicfamily,drama,music"},{"title":"Headshot","tags":" Timo Tjahjanto, Kimo Stamboel Iko Uwais, Chelsea Islan, Julie Estelle, Sunny Pang, Very Tri Yulisman, David Hendrawan, Zack Lee, Yayu Unru, Ganindra Bimo When a young man wakes from a coma, memories of brutal violence begin to surface, putting his life \u2013 and that of his doctor \u2013 in jeopardy. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"1898: Our Last Men in the Philippines","tags":" Salvador Calvo Luis Tosar, Javier Guti\u00e9rrez, \u00c1lvaro Cervantes, Karra Elejalde, Carlos Hip\u00f3lito, Ricardo G\u00f3mez, Patrick Criado, Eduard Fern\u00e1ndez, Miguel Herr\u00e1n, Emilio Palacios While Spain relinquishes its last colonies, a battle-fatigued outpost engages in a long, brutal and sometimes bizarre clash with Filipino insurgents. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Crashing","tags":"  Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jonathan Bailey, Adrian Scarborough, Damien Molony, Louise Ford, Julie Dray, Amit Shah In exchange for low rent, a hodgepodge group of 20-something tenants set up residence as property guards in a disused hospital, where hilarity ensues. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Flaked","tags":"  Will Arnett, David Sullivan, Ruth Kearney, George Basil, Lina Esco, Travis Mills, Robert Wisdom, Mark Boone Junior, Matthew Willig, Heather Graham, Kirstie Alley, Sab Shimono, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Minerva Garcia, Jeff Daniel Phillips In his funky California beach enclave, Chip's the go-to guy for personal insights. But he isn't quite as enlightened when it comes to his own baggage. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Lucid Dream","tags":" Jun-seong Kim Ko Soo, Kyung-gu Seol, Yu-chun Park, Hye-jung Kang, In-hwan Park, Ho-jin Chun After searching for his abducted son for three years, a devastated father attempts to track down his missing child through lucid dreams. foregin,fantasy,suspenseforegin,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Aashik Awara","tags":" Umesh Mehra Saif Ali Khan, Mamta Kulkarni, Mohnish Bahl, Sharmila Tagore, Saeed Jaffrey, Kader Khan Raised by a kindly thief, orphaned Jimmy goes on the run from goons and falls in love with Jyoti, whose father indirectly caused his parents' deaths. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Amelia: A Tale of Two Sisters","tags":" Edward Cotterill Rachael Stirling Eight decades after her disappearance, Amelia Earhart's incredible accomplishments are still celebrated, thanks in large part to her sister Muriel. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Catfight","tags":" Onur Tukel Sandra Oh, Anne Heche, Alicia Silverstone, Amy Hill, Myra Lucretia Taylor, Ariel Kavoussi, Damian Young, Stephen Gevedon, Giullian Yao Gioiello, Tituss Burgess Two college frenemies whose lives aren't what they hoped meet up decades later and escalate their resentments from verbal jabs to bloody brawls. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"How to Stage a Coup","tags":" Cal Seville Cal Seville Explore how Caesar, Napoleon, Mussolini, Hitler and modern-day dictators consolidated their considerable power through bold and brazen coups. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Jackie: A Tale of Two Sisters","tags":" Edward Cotterill Rachael Stirling Rachael Stirling narrates this multifaceted portrait of former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and her younger sister, Lee Radziwill. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Lens","tags":" Jayaprakash Radhakrishnan Jayaprakash Radhakrishnan, Anand Sami, Aswathy Lal, Misha Ghoshal Addicted to webcams and voyeurism, a married man gets more than he bargained for when an online stranger tries to force him to watch a suicide. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Little Boxes","tags":" Rob Meyer Melanie Lynskey, Nelsan Ellis, Armani Jackson, Oona Laurence, Janeane Garofalo, Christine Taylor, Nadia Dajani, Veanne Cox, Will Janowitz, Julie Hays After moving from New York City to a small town in Washington state, an interracial couple and their preteen son struggle to adjust to their new life. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Love.com","tags":" Anita Barbosa Isis Valverde, Gil Coelho, Joaquim Lopes, Carol Portes, Alexandra Richter, Marcos Mion, Jo\u00e3o C\u00f4rtes, C\u00e9sar Cardadeiro When a fashion blogger falls for a video game vlogger, their romance goes viral. But separating their virtual life from reality gets complicated. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Maya Memsaab","tags":" Ketan Mehta Deepa Sahi, Farooq Shaikh, Raj Babbar, Shah Rukh Khan, Shreeram Lagoo, Sudha Shivpuri, Paresh Rawal, Raghuvir Yadav, Satyadev Dubey A beautiful, wealthy woman\u2019s insatiable appetite for romance leads to tragedy and a police investigation. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Michael Lost and Found","tags":" Daniel Wilner  Benjie Nycum travels to Wyoming to visit his ex-lover, Michael Glatze, a former gay activist who now lives with his wife and works as a church pastor. documental,foregin,lgbtdocumental,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Mind Game","tags":"  Tay Ping Hui, Joanne Peh, Zhang Yaodong, Paige Chua, Akit Tay With the help of a cop, a psychologist and a woman who can foretell the future, a brilliant paralegal works to solve an array of perplexing mysteries. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Off Camera","tags":"  Sam Jones Photographer, writer and director Sam Jones sets his famous guests at ease with his freewheeling, insightful celebrity interviews without agendas. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Oh Darling Yeh Hai India","tags":" Ketan Mehta Shah Rukh Khan, Deepa Sahi, Javed Jaffrey, Anupam Kher, Amrish Puri, Tom Alter, Tinnu Anand, Sadashiv Amrapurkar, Tiku Talsania, Kader Khan A penniless actor new to Mumbai and a beautiful woman he meets one fateful night try to stop a gangster from replacing India's president with a twin. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Prince","tags":" Lekh Tandon Shammi Kapoor, Vyjayantimala, Rajendra Nath, Ajit, Helen, Leela Chitnis, Parveen Choudhary, Sudhir, Sunder, Rashid Khan To better himself, a spoiled prince temporarily assumes a commoner\u2019s identity. But he soon learns his palace has been gifted to his father\u2019s new wife. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Qila","tags":" Umesh Mehra Dilip Kumar, Mukul Dev, Rekha, Mamta Kulkarni, Smita Jaykar, Gulshan Grover When an abusive landowner is murdered, his twin brother sets out to find the killer but quickly discovers that everyone, it seems, wanted him dead. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Smoke & Mirrors","tags":" Alberto Rodr\u00edguez Eduard Fern\u00e1ndez, Jos\u00e9 Coronado, Marta Etura, Carlos Santos, Enric Benavent, Philippe Rebbot, Israel Elejalde, Tom\u00e1s del Estal, Emilio Guti\u00e9rrez Caba Betrayed by the Spanish government he once served, a former secret agent plots to steal millions of dollars embezzled by a corrupt public official. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Day Will Come","tags":"  Sofie Gr\u00e5b\u00f8l, Lars Mikkelsen, Harald Kaiser Hermann, Albert Rudbeck Lindhardt, Laurids Skovgaard Andersen, S\u00f8ren S\u00e6tter Lassen, Sonja Richter, David Dencik, Solbj\u00f8rg H\u00f8jfeldt, Lars Ranthe In 1967, two brothers from Copenhagen, Denmark, wind up in an orphanage, where the headmaster's cruel tyranny slowly provokes the kids to push back. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The Dream Job","tags":"  Hugo Ng, Shaun Chen, Jeanette Aw, Rebecca Lim, Zhang Zhenhuan, Ian Fang A mysterious, wealthy man offers three people a lucrative, unusual job that may be too good to be true: Live the high life as his children and heirs. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The Mitfords: A Tale of Two Sisters","tags":" Edward Cotterill Rachael Stirling Jessica and Diana were sisters who were separated by just a few years in age. But their political ideologies couldn't have been any farther apart. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Without Gorky","tags":" Cosima Spender  A filmmaker trains the camera on her own family as she examines the impact her grandfather, troubled artist Arshile Gorky, had on three generations. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Sarah Silverman A Speck of Dust","tags":" Liam Lynch Sarah Silverman In her first comedy special post-health scare, Sarah Silverman shares a mix of fun facts, sad truths and yeah-she-just-went-there moments. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Rangoon","tags":" Vishal Bhardwaj Saif Ali Khan, Shahid Kapoor, Kangana Ranaut, Shriswara, Richard McCabe, Satoru Kawaguchi, Surendra Pal, Lin Laishram During World War II, daredevil star Miss Julia entertains soldiers at the Indo-Burma border, where she's caught up in a web of love and deceit. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bloodline","tags":"  Kyle Chandler, Ben Mendelsohn, Sissy Spacek, Linda Cardellini, Norbert Leo Butz, Jacinda Barrett, Jamie McShane, John Leguizamo, Enrique Murciano, Sam Shepard, Chlo\u00eb Sevigny, Andrea Riseborough, Beau Bridges, Taylor Rouviere, Owen Teague, Brandon Larracuente When the black sheep son of a respected family threatens to expose dark secrets from their past, sibling loyalties are put to the test. drama,suspense,suspensedrama,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Joshua: Teenager vs. Superpower","tags":" Joe Piscatella  Mobilized by teenage activist Joshua Wong, young citizens of Hong Kong take to the streets in a bid to preserve their history of autonomy from China. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Raees","tags":" Rahul Dholakia Shah Rukh Khan, Mahira Khan, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub, Sheeba Chaddha, Shubham Chintamani, Shubham Tukaram, Atul Kulkarni, Narendra Jha, Jaideep Ahlawat, Sunny Leone After street smart kid Raees rises to become Gujarat's bootlegging king in the 1980s, he tries to balance his life of crime with helping his people. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"War Machine","tags":" David Mich\u00f4d Brad Pitt, Topher Grace, Emory Cohen, John Magaro, Scoot McNairy, Anthony Michael Hall, Will Poulter When a proud general is tasked with winning an unpopular war, he takes the challenge head-on, not knowing that hubris may be his own worst enemy. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Ar\u00e8s","tags":" Jean-Patrick Benes Ola Rapace, Micha Lescot, Thierry Hancisse, H\u00e9l\u00e8ne Filli\u00e8res, Ruth Vega Fernandez, Louis-Do de Lencquesaing, Eva Lallier, Emilie Gavois-Kahn A futuristic France tries to keep its people from despair and rebellion over crippling poverty by engaging them with a violent TV competition show. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"BLAME!","tags":" Hiroyuki Seshita Takahiro Sakurai, Kana Hanazawa, Sora Amamiya, Kazuhiro Yamaji, Mamoru Miyano, Aya Suzaki, Nobunaga Shimazaki, Yuki Kaji, Aki Toyosaki, Saori Hayami Inside a vast, self-replicating city bent on eliminating all life, mysterious loner Killy emerges to guide a remnant of humanity desperate to survive. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Highland: Thailand's Marijuana Awakening","tags":"  Sebastian Perry Thailand's complicated history with marijuana continues to play a role in its policies and laws, as well as the health and security of its citizens. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Laerte-se","tags":" Lygia Barbosa da Silva, Eliane Brum Laerte Coutinho After living as a man for nearly 60 years, Laerte Coutinho, one of Brazil's most brilliant cartoonists, introduces herself to the world as a woman. documental,foregin,lgbtdocumental,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"The Keepers","tags":"   This docuseries examines the decades-old murder of Sister Catherine Cesnik and its suspected link to a priest accused of abuse. action,documental,suspenseaction,documental,suspense"},{"title":"Tracy Morgan: Staying Alive","tags":" Ryan Polito Tracy Morgan In his first special since his serious car accident, Tracy Morgan cracks jokes about life in a coma, his second marriage and his family's dark side. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Chamatkar","tags":" Rajiv Mehra Shah Rukh Khan, Naseeruddin Shah, Urmila Matondkar, Malvika Tiwari, Shammi Kapoor, Deven Verma, Tinnu Anand, Anjana Mumtaz, Anjan Srivastav, Rakesh Bedi A village schoolteacher and the ghost of a murdered man, who were both betrayed by those closest to them, join forces to help each other. comedy,foregin,fantasycomedy,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa","tags":" Kundan Shah Shah Rukh Khan, Suchitra Krishnamoorthi, Deepak Tijori, Rita Bhaduri, Satish Shah, Anjan Srivastav, Goga Kapoor, Tiku Talsania, Ravi Baswani, Naseeruddin Shah A dreamer falls for a girl who is in love with someone else and tries to create a rift between her and the man she loves. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Lovesong","tags":" So Yong Kim Jena Malone, Riley Keough, Brooklyn Decker, Amy Seimetz, Ryan Eggold, Rosanna Arquette, Cary Joji Fukunaga, Marshall Chapman, Neal Huff Best friends Sarah and Mindy share an unexpected moment while on a road trip. Years later, the two struggle to reconnect before a wedding. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Ram Jaane","tags":" Rajiv Mehra Shah Rukh Khan, Juhi Chawla, Vivek Mushran, Pankaj Kapur, Puneet Issar, Tinnu Anand, Deven Verma, Gulshan Grover, Amrit Pal, Arun Bali Two boyhood pals \u2013 one righteous, the other a criminal \u2013 take very different paths to adulthood. Their love for the same woman may prove disastrous. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Devil's Mistress","tags":" Filip Renc Tatiana Pauhofov\u00e1, Karl Markovics, Gedeon Burkhard, Simona Stasov\u00e1, Martin Huba, Pavel Kr\u00edz, Zdenka Proch\u00e1zkov\u00e1, Anna Fialov\u00e1, Lenka Vlas\u00e1kov\u00e1, Jir\u00ed M\u00e1dl Before the dawn of World War II, an ambitious actress pursues her dreams in Berlin. But her plans derail when she becomes Joseph Goebbels\u2019 mistress. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Wild Oats","tags":" Andy Tennant Shirley MacLaine, Jessica Lange, Billy Connolly, Santiago Segura, Howard Hesseman, Matt Walsh, Jay Hayden, Rebecca Da Costa, Demi Moore When insurance accidentally pays her millions, retired teacher Eva and her pal Maddie head to the Canary Islands for the adventure of their lives. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Get Me Roger Stone","tags":" Dylan Bank, Daniel DiMauro, Morgan Pehme Roger Stone Examine the rise, fall and rebirth of political operative Roger Stone, who's been an influential member of Team Trump for decades. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Mindhorn","tags":" Sean Foley Julian Barratt, Andrea Riseborough, Essie Davis, Russell Tovey, Simon Farnaby, Steve Coogan, Richard McCabe, David Schofield, Nicholas Farrell, Jessica Barden When a twisted killer tells the police he'll only speak to a fictional 1980s TV detective, the washed-up actor who played him takes the gig. comedy,classic,foregincomedy,classic,foregin"},{"title":"Sahara","tags":" Pierre Cor\u00e9 Robert Naylor, Angela Galuppo, Daniel Brochu, Mark Hauser, Andrew Shaver, Mathew Mackay, Richard Dumont, Brady Moffatt, Rick Jones, Nadia Verrucci, Sonja Ball When his new love is captured by an evil snake charmer, a young cobra and his scorpion best friend set out across the desert on a wild rescue mission. familyfamily"},{"title":"Norm Macdonald: Hitler's Dog, Gossip & Trickery","tags":" Liz Plonka Norm MacDonald In this new stand-up special, Norm Macdonald delivers sly, deadpan observations from an older \u2013 and perhaps even wiser \u2013 point of view. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Handsome: A Netflix Mystery Movie","tags":" Jeff Garlin Jeff Garlin, Natasha Lyonne, Amy Sedaris, Steven Weber, Christine Woods, Eddie Pepitone, Timm Sharp, Brad Morris, Leah Remini, Ava Acres Homicide detective Gene Handsome sets out to solve a woman's murder while searching for clues about what's missing from his personal life. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kazoops!","tags":"  Reece Pockney, Scott Langley, Alex Babic, Gemma Harvey, Jessica Hann, Emma Tate Music meets imagination in this inventive animated series about thinking outside the box and having fun. familyfamily"},{"title":"Simplemente Manu NNa","tags":" Jan Suter, Ra\u00fal Campos Manu NNa Eclectic stand-up comic Manu NNa relays everyday tales about the struggles of being gay in Mexico and shares his love of telenovelas and mezcal. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Mars Generation","tags":" Michael Barnett Neil deGrasse Tyson, Bill Nye, Michio Kaku Self-professed teenage \"space nerds\" at Space Camp chase their dreams of traveling to Mars, while experts reflect on NASA's history and future. family,documentalfamily,documental"},{"title":"Maria Bamford: Old Baby","tags":" Jessica Yu Maria Bamford Maria Bamford performs a rapid-fire, playful stand-up set for crowds at park benches, bowling alleys and LA theaters in this roving comedy special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"A Yellow Bird","tags":" K. Rajagopal Sivakumar Palakrishnan, Huang Lu, Seema Biswas, Udaya Soundari, Nithiyia Rao, Indra Chandran In Singapore, a homeless ex-convict hoping to reunite with his family forms a bond with a Chinese sex worker while serving as her bodyguard. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Chaahat","tags":" Mahesh Bhatt Naseeruddin Shah, Shah Rukh Khan, Pooja Bhatt, Anupam Kher, Ramya Krishnan, Avtar Gill, Mushtaq Khan A vulnerable singer is forced to choose between the girl he loves and another who has developed an unhealthy obsession with him. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"English Babu Desi Mem","tags":" Praveen Nischol Shah Rukh Khan, Sonali Bendre, Rajeshwari, Saeed Jaffrey, Kiran Kumar, Baba Brahmbhatt, Ishita Haria, Sunny Singh, Gulshan Bawra After his brother dies, wealthy Vikram reluctantly returns to India and forms a surprise bond with his orphaned nephew and the showgirl raising him. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"He Even Has Your Eyes","tags":" Lucien Jean-Baptiste Lucien Jean-Baptiste, Aissa Maiga, Zabou Breitman, Vincent Elbaz, Michel Jonasz, Naidra Ayadi, Marie-Philom\u00e8ne Nga, Bass Dhem, Delphine Th\u00e9odore When French-African couple Paul and Sali discover the longed-for baby they are about to adopt is white, family chaos and confrontation ensue. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"In the Shadow of Iris","tags":" Jalil Lespert Romain Duris, Charlotte Le Bon, Jalil Lespert, Camille Cottin, Adel Bencherif, Sophie Verbeeck, H\u00e9l\u00e8ne Barbry The sudden disappearance of a wealthy banker's wife cracks open a dizzying world of secret fetishes, desperate acts and elaborate deceptions. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"JFK: The Making of a President","tags":" Edward Cotterill  Explore how John F. Kennedy's worldview was influenced by his younger years, when he endured poor health, family tragedy and a demanding father. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Kiss & Cry","tags":" Sean Cisterna Sarah Fisher, Luke Bilyk, Chantal Kreviazuk, Sergio Di Zio, Denis Akiyama, Julia Tomasone, Brittany Bristow, Zo\u00eb Belkin, Lauren Esdale, Naomi Snieckus Faced with a rare form of throat cancer, teen figure skater Carley Allison finds strength in singing for an online audience in this biopic. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Loev","tags":" Sudhanshu Saria Shiv Pandit, Dhruv Ganesh, Siddharth Menon, Rishabh Chaddha Lives are upended when a hiking trip leads a Wall Street hotshot to explore his true feelings for an old pal who\u2019s disenchanted with his boyfriend. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Mostly Sunny","tags":" Dilip Mehta Sunny Leone Explore the unconventional career of Sunny Leone, who transitioned from adult film star to Bollywood actress and reality TV star. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Next Skin","tags":" Isaki Lacuesta, Isa Campo \u00c0lex Monner, Emma Su\u00e1rez, Sergi L\u00f3pez, Bruno Todeschini, Igor Szpakowski, S\u00edlvia Bel, Greta Fern\u00e1ndez, Mikel Iglesias When a withdrawn, long-missing teenager reappears in a chilly alpine town, his heartbroken family begins to wonder if he's actually who he says he is. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Casting JonBenet","tags":" Kitty Green  Local actors from JonBenet Ramsey's hometown offer multiple perspectives on her 1996 murder as they vie to play roles in a dramatization of the case. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Jumping Girl","tags":"  Luna, U-kwon, Ha-na Jung, B-Bomb, Ha-seong Park Sang-ah would do anything to shield pop star Ah-shin from rabid fans. But after an act of protection gone wrong, it looks like she's the crazy one. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"President","tags":"  Su-jong Choi, Hee-Ra Ha, Jay Kim, Ji-hye Wang, Shin-il Kang An ambitious, talented politician embarks on an intense journey toward winning the presidency while juggling his complicated family affairs. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Rodney King","tags":" Spike Lee Roger Guenveur Smith Roger Guenveur Smith gives voice to the man at the center of the brutal police beating that helped fuel the 1992 LA riots. Spike Lee directs. dramadrama"},{"title":"Small Crimes","tags":" Evan Katz Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Gary Cole, Molly Parker, Macon Blair, Pat Healy, Jacki Weaver, Robert Forster After serving a six-year prison sentence, an ex-cop tries to rebuild his life in his hometown, but gets caught up in the fallout from his past. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"What in the World Happened?","tags":"  Eun-mi Go, Jaehyo, Eun-Hyung Jo, Ha-yeon Kim, Shin Yi, Kwang-sun Park A happy secret romance between a 40-year-old woman and a 25-year-old man is complicated after a greeting card grants her wish to be young again. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mar de Pl\u00e1stico","tags":"  Rodolfo Sancho, Bel\u00e9n L\u00f3pez, Pedro Casablanc, Luis Fern\u00e1ndez, Patrick Criado, Nya de la Rubia, Jes\u00fas Castro, Fernando Cayo In a town in southern Spain where racial tensions run high among the workers in its many greenhouses, a cop investigates the murder of a young woman. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Dear Zindagi","tags":" Gauri Shinde Alia Bhatt, Shah Rukh Khan, Ira Dubey, Yashaswini Dayama, Gautmik, Raj Bhansali, Rohit Saraf, Atul Kale, Kunal Kapoor, Angad Bedi, Ali Zafar, Aditya Roy Kapoor A young cinematographer with a bright professional future and a lack of empathy learns the importance of balancing ambition with humanity. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Shepherds and Butchers","tags":" Oliver Schmitz Steve Coogan, Andrea Riseborough, Garion Dowds, Robert Hobbs, Deon Lotz, Marcel Van Heerden, Lauren Steyn When a young prison guard commits murder in South Africa, an ardent lawyer aims to prove he was psychologically unbalanced by his role in executions. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The 101-Year-Old Man Who Skipped Out on the Bill and Disappeared","tags":" Felix Herngren, M\u00e5ns Herngren Robert Gustafsson, Jens Hult\u00e9n, Caroline Boulton, Colin McFarlane, Cory Peterson, Jay Simpson, David Schaal In need of money, an eccentric ex-spy and his younger octogenarian partner embark on an international quest for a valuable Soviet soda formula. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Vir Das: Abroad Understanding","tags":" Marcus Raboy Vir Das Comedian Vir Das tackles nationalism, globalism, good food and bad politics in two cleverly crosscut performances in New York and New Delhi. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Fangbone","tags":"  Taylor Abrahamse, Colin Doyle, Juan Chioran, Kathleen Laskey, Stacey DePass, Mike Kiss Magically transported from far-off Skullbania, a young barbarian teams up with an odd third-grader to protect his homeland from an evil sorcerer. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Girlboss","tags":"  Britt Robertson, Ellie Reed, Johnny Simmons, Alphonso Mcauley Rebellious and broke, Sophia stumbles into creating an online business and learns how to be the boss. A comedy inspired by the best-selling memoir. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Hot Girls Wanted: Turned On","tags":" Jill Bauer, Ronna Gradus, Rashida Jones  Personal stories reveal how the intersection of sex, technology and intimate relationships is rewiring us in fundamental ways. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Sand Castle","tags":" Fernando Coimbra Nicholas Hoult, Logan Marshall-Green, Henry Cavill, Glen Powell, Neil Brown Jr., Beau Knapp, Sammy Sheik, Gonzalo Menendez After the invasion of Iraq in 2003, a reluctant soldier's platoon is dispatched on a dangerous mission to repair a hostile village's water system. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Mr. Peabody and Sherman Show","tags":"  Chris Parnell, Max Charles, Dieter Jansen, Da'Vine Joy Randolph Mr. Peabody and Sherman host a zany late-night comedy show from a swanky penthouse, with time-traveling historical figures and a live audience. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Tramps","tags":" Adam Leon Callum Turner, Grace Van Patten, Michal Vondel, Mike Birbiglia, Margaret Colin, Louis Cancelmi, Rachel Zeiger-Haag, Dane Martinez Pulled into a shady briefcase swap for different reasons, young strangers Danny and Ellie spend an eventful night together when the deal goes wrong. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Lucas Brothers: On Drugs","tags":" Jay Chapman Keith Lucas, Kenny Lucas Deadpan twin comics Keith and Kenny Lucas take the stage in Brooklyn with a set that touches on drugs, race, Deion Sanders, teachers and O.J. Simpson. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Bibi & Tina","tags":" Detlev Buck Lina Larissa Strahl, Lisa-Marie Koroll, Louis Held, Ruby O. Fee, Charly H\u00fcbner, Michael Maertens, Winnie B\u00f6we, Fabian Buch, Max von der Groeben, Martin Seifert Teen witch Bibi and horse-loving Tina face trouble when a posh girl flirts with Tina's boyfriend and a crook sets his greedy eyes on a promising foal. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Bibi & Tina II","tags":" Detlev Buck Lina Larissa Strahl, Lisa-Marie Koroll, Louis Held, Emilio Moutaoukkil, Michael Maertens, Martin Seifert, Winnie B\u00f6we, Fabian Buch, Mavie H\u00f6rbiger, Olli Schulz, Charly H\u00fcbner, Milan Peschel When robbers hit Falkenstein castle, teen witch Bibi and pal Tina hunt for the crooks, then devise a plan to save the neighbors' failing ranch. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Bibi & Tina: Girls Versus Boys","tags":" Detlev Buck Lina Larissa Strahl, Lisa-Marie Koroll, Tilman P\u00f6rzgen, Philipp Laude, Charly H\u00fcbner, Louis Held, Benjamin Lutzke, Max von der Groeben, Kostja Ullmann, Michael Maertens, Fabian Buch, Winnie B\u00f6we At summer camp, young Bibi and her friends are pitted against the boys in a treasure hunt. But what's a witch to do when she loses her powers? family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Slam","tags":" Andrea Molaioli Ludovico Tersigni, Jasmine Trinca, Luca Marinelli, Barbara Ramella, Gianluca Broccatelli, Pietro Ragusa, Fiorenza Tessari Teen father-to-be Sam imagines his future as a young parent and finds a surprising mentor while reading about his idol, pro skateboarder Tony Hawk. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Wedding Party","tags":" Kemi Adetiba Adesua Etomi, Banky Wellington, Richard Mofe-Damijo, Sola Sobowale, Iretiola Doyle, Alibaba Akporobome, Zainab Balogun, Beverly Naya, Enyinna Nwigwe As their big day arrives, a couple's lavish wedding plans turn into a nightmare of exes, fighting parents and uninvited guests. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Arctic Heart","tags":" Marie Madinier Charlotte Le Bon, Guillaume Canet, Anne Le Ny, Patrick d'Assum\u00e7ao, Damien Chapelle, Xavier Beauvois, Vincent Launay-Franceschini Madly in love with a brilliant scientist studying an immunizing protein produced by penguins, a timid med student offers her body to his research. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Our Lovers","tags":" Miguel \u00c1ngel Lamata Eduardo Noriega, Michelle Jenner, Fele Mart\u00ednez, Amaia Salamanca A love-challenged man and a woman he meets at a bookshop bar begin dating, but only at the shop \u2013 and without knowing anything about each other. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Sandy Wexler","tags":" Steven Brill Adam Sandler, Jennifer Hudson, Kevin James, Terry Crews, Rob Schneider, Colin Quinn, Nick Swardson, Lamorne Morris, Arsenio Hall, Jamie Gray Hyder When a hapless but dedicated talent manager signs his first client who actually has talent, his career finally starts to take off. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Macho","tags":" Antonio Serrano Miguel Rodarte, Cecilia Su\u00e1rez, Aislinn Derbez, Renato L\u00f3pez, Mario Iv\u00e1n Mart\u00ednez, Valeria Vera, David Zorrilla, Ana de la Reguera, Manolo Cardona, Ofelia Medina A famous designer who's always pretended to be gay finds himself in crisis mode when threatened with exposure as the woman-chasing straight guy he is. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Kevin Hart: What Now?","tags":" Leslie Small Kevin Hart, Don Cheadle, Halle Berry, Ed Helms, David Meunier Frenetic comic Kevin Hart hits Philadelphia and dishes on suburban wildlife, jean shorts and the fine art of getting even with a 7-year-old. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Frat Star","tags":" Grant S. Johnson, Ippsie Jones Connor Lawrence, Justin Mark, Cathryn Dylan, Chris Elliott, Tyler Weaks, Max Sheldon, Austin Ramsey, Peter O'Connor, Nicole Balsam, Kaitlin Mesh A freshman uninterested in joining a fraternity is convinced to pledge by a rich roommate who introduces him to a world darker than he ever dreamed. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Miracle","tags":"  Donghyun Kim, Nahyun, Yang Hak Jin, Yoon Hwa Hong Polar opposites in personality and looks, fraternal twin sisters who live completely different lives wake up one day to find they've switched bodies. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Get Down","tags":"  Justice Smith, Shameik Moore, Herizen Guardiola, Skylan Brooks, Tremaine Brown,  Jr., Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Jimmy Smits, Giancarlo Esposito, Kevin Corrigan, Stefanee Martin, Shyrley Rodriguez, Eric Bogosian, Michel Gill, Mamoudou Athie In 1977 New York City, the talented and soulful youth of the South Bronx chase dreams and breakneck beats to transform music history. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Lighthouse of the Orcas","tags":" Gerardo Olivares Maribel Verd\u00fa, Joaqu\u00edn Furriel, Joaqu\u00edn Rapalini A mother travels to Patagonia with her autistic son with the hopes that a ranger and a pod of wild orcas can help him find an emotional connection. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Win It All","tags":" Joe Swanberg Jake Johnson, Aislinn Derbez, Joe Lo Truglio, Keegan-Michael Key, Nicky Excitement After losing $50,000 that wasn't his, gambling addict Eddie starts to rebuild his life. But an unwelcome surprise pushes him toward his old ways. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Burned Cocoon","tags":"  Yavuz Bing\u00f6l, Basak K\u00f6kl\u00fckaya, \u00c7olpan Ilhan, Mustafa Alabora, Sedef Avc\u0131, Ay\u00e7a \u0130nci, Tuncer Necmio\u011flu, Serdar \u00d6zer A secret marriage unites two families \u2013 one wealthy and traditional, the other bankrupt and modern \u2013 and is threatened by the resulting conflicts. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Couples Counseling","tags":" Alexandre Reinecke Zez\u00e9 Polessa, Daniel Dantas, Paulo Vilhena, Fernanda Paes Leme, Juliana Mesquita A seasoned couples therapist comes to realize she might need help with her own marriage after meeting a new pair of young clients. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Deuces","tags":" Jamal Hill Larenz Tate, Meagan Good, Lance Gross, Antonique Smith, La La Anthony, Rick Gonzalez, Rotimi, Andra Fuller Assigned to go undercover to take down an impenetrable crime ring, a detective finds himself falling under the sway of its enigmatic leader. dramadrama"},{"title":"Elaan","tags":" K. Ramanlal Vinod Mehra, Rekha, Vinod Khanna, Helen, Madan Puri, Brahm Bhardwaj Journalist Naresh is hired to probe illegal activities on an island. When he's captured, a fellow prisoner gives him a ring with magic powers. action,classic,foreginaction,classic,foregin"},{"title":"Five Nights in Maine","tags":" Maris Curran David Oyelowo, Dianne Wiest, Rosie Perez, Teyonah Parris, Hani Furstenberg, Bill Raymond After his wife dies in a car accident, a grief-stricken man visits his estranged mother-in-law in Maine, where they try to help each other heal. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Killa","tags":" Avinash Arun Amruta Subhash, Archit Deodhar, Parth Bhalerao, Gaurish Gawade, Atharva Upasni, Swandand Raikar, Shrikant Yadav, Umesh Jagtap, Shivalati Bokil, Jui Kahate Growing up poses challenges for Chinu when he moves from city to country and encounters a youth culture far different from what he's used to. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Life 2.0","tags":" Jason Spingarn-Koff  Computer users across the globe log onto the virtual world of Second Life. But some users' lives are dramatically consumed by this alternate reality. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Salaakhen","tags":" A. Salaam Shashi Kapoor, Sulakshana Pandit, Mehmood, Sudhir, Anjana Mumtaz, Sajjan, M. Rajan, Mac Mohan, Amrish Puri, Ramesh Deo Two close childhood friends take drastically different paths in life, but meet by chance years later and fall in love, unaware of their past bond. action,foregin,musicaction,foregin,music"},{"title":"Skins","tags":" Eduardo Casanova Ana Polvorosa, Candela Pe\u00f1a, Macarena G\u00f3mez, Carmen Machi, Jon Kortajarena, Secun de la Rosa, Itziar Castro, Antonio Dur\u00e1n 'Morris', Joaqu\u00edn Climent, Ana Mar\u00eda Ayala, Eloi Costa Deformed, disfigured characters must find a way to deal with society shunning their differences in this darkly comic social drama. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Tenth Man","tags":" Daniel Burman Alan Sabbagh, Julieta Zylberberg, Usher Barilka, Elvira Onetto, Adri\u00e1n Stoppelman, Dan Breitman, Elisa Carricajo After spending much of his adult life in New York, an affable economist returns home to Buenos Aires and tries to reconnect with his aloof father. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Toro","tags":" Kike Ma\u00edllo Mario Casas, Luis Tosar, Jos\u00e9 Sacrist\u00e1n, Claudia Canal, Jos\u00e9 Manuel Poga, Ingrid Garc\u00eda Jonsson, Luichi Mac\u00edas Ex-con Toro's brother and former partner in crime makes a desperate plea for help that may put Toro back behind bars ... if he survives at all. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Bridget Christie: Stand Up for Her","tags":"  Bridget Christie Performing stand-up for a packed house in London's Hoxton Hall, comedian Bridget Christie dives into the politics of gender, sex and equality. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Hoff the Record","tags":" Gordon Anderson David Hasselhoff, Asim Chaudhry, Fergus Craig, Mark Quartley, Ella Smith, Brett Goldstein TV star David Hasselhoff hopes to reboot his career in the U.K., but both his comeback plans and his personal life keep going off the rails. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"The Discovery","tags":" Charlie McDowell Jason Segel, Rooney Mara, Robert Redford, Riley Keough, Jesse Plemons, Ron Canada A scientist whose proof of an afterlife caused a rash of suicides forges ahead with his research, while his disapproving son falls for a troubled woman. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Jo Koy: Live from Seattle","tags":" Shannon Hartman Jo Koy Between raising a teenage boy and growing up with a Filipino mother, stand-up comic Jo Koy has been through a lot. He's here to tell you all about it. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Bottersnikes & Gumbles","tags":"  Jason Callender, Kathryn Drysdale, Akiya Henry, Jeff Rawle, Richard Grieve, Simone Craddock, Alex Babic, Miriam Margolyes The fun-loving Gumbles bounce and play while staying away from the foul-smelling Bottersnikes who live in a nearby junkyard. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Felipe Neto: My Life Makes No Sense","tags":" Diego Pignataro Felipe Neto YouTube sensation Felipe Neto brings the stories from his autobiographical book \"N\u00e3o Faz Sentido!\" to the stage in this comedy special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The C Word","tags":" Meghan O'Hara Morgan Freeman To solve the mystery of cancer, challenging the status quo is a must. Witness how lifestyle and societal changes may help beat the disease. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Most Hated Woman in America","tags":" Tommy O'Haver Melissa Leo, Josh Lucas, Vincent Kartheiser, Juno Temple, Adam Scott, Peter Fonda, Sally Kirkland, Rory Cochrane This drama follows the controversial life of outspoken atheist Madalyn Murray O'Hair, from her landmark court battles to her infamous abduction. dramadrama"},{"title":"Dave Chappelle","tags":" Stan Lathan Dave Chappelle Comedy icon Dave Chappelle makes his triumphant return to the screen with a pair of blistering, fresh stand-up specials. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"One-Punch Man","tags":"  Makoto Furukawa, Kaito Ishikawa, Yuki Kaji, Aoi Yuki, Kazuhiro Yamaji, Kenjiro Tsuda, Minami Takayama, Tessho Genda The most powerful superhero in the world can kill anyone with one blow. But nothing can challenge him, so he struggles with ennui and depression. anime,action,foreginanime,action,foregin"},{"title":"Best Worst Thing That Ever Could Have Happened","tags":" Lonny Price Stephen Sondheim, Harold Prince, Jason Alexander, Mandy Patinkin, Lonny Price The cast and crew of the 1981 Broadway musical \"Merrily We Roll Along\" recall joy and heartbreak during the production of a surefire hit that wasn't. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Deidra & Laney Rob a Train","tags":" Sydney Freeland Rachel Crow, Ashleigh Murray, Sasheer Zamata, Danielle Nicolet, David Sullivan, Tim Blake Nelson, Missi Pyle, Arturo Castro, Sharon Lawrence, Brooke Markham, Kinna McInroe, Myko Olivier, Lance Gray With their mother in jail and bills piling up, ambitious small-town teens Deidra and Laney plot a series of train robberies to keep themselves afloat. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Julie's Greenroom","tags":"  Julie Andrews, Giullian Yao Gioiello, Jennifer Barnhart, Tyler Bunch, Frankie Cordero, Stephanie D'Abruzzo, Dorien Davies, John Kennedy, John Tartaglia Adorable puppets stage their own musical under the watchful eye of mentor Julie Andrews in this original kids' series from the Jim Henson Company. familyfamily"},{"title":"Outback Truckers","tags":"   Australia's toughest big-rig drivers brave wildfires, scorching deserts, treacherous downpours and chassis-deep mud to deliver their cargo on time. showshow"},{"title":"Pandora","tags":" Jung-woo Park Nam-gil Kim, Young-ae Kim, Jeong-hee Moon, Joo-hyun Kim, Jin-young Jung, Kyeong-yeong Lee, Shin-il Kang, Dae-Myung Kim, Seung-mok Yoo, Myung-min Kim When an earthquake hits a Korean village housing a run-down nuclear power plant, a man risks his life to save the country from imminent disaster. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Samurai Gourmet","tags":"  Naoto Takenaka, Tetsuji Tamayama, Honami Suzuki Recent retiree Takeshi rediscovers his passion for food and life by getting in touch with his inner warrior and eating what he truly desires. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Howards End","tags":" James Ivory Anthony Hopkins, Vanessa Redgrave, Helena Bonham Carter, Emma Thompson, James Wilby, Samuel West, Jemma Redgrave, Joseph Bennett, Nicola Duffett, Susie Lindeman When a husband, acting in his family's \"best interest,\" does not accept his wife's deathbed wish, providence dictates that he pay for his duplicity. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Asoka","tags":" Santosh Sivan Shah Rukh Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Danny Denzongpa, Rahul Dev, Hrishitaa Bhatt, Gerson Da Cunha, Subhashini Ali, Umesh Mehra, Sooraj Balaji This elaborate Bollywood epic dramatizes one man's transformation from a vengeful and cunning warrior into a legendary leader and teacher of Buddhism. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bon Cop, Bad Cop","tags":" Erik Canuel Patrick Huard, Colm Feore, Sylvain Marcel, Lucie Laurier, Pierre Lebeau, Ron Lea, Sarain Boylan, Louis-Jos\u00e9 Houde An English-speaking officer from Toronto and a French-speaking cop from Montreal are forced to work together to solve a crime. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Notes on Blindness","tags":" Peter Middleton, James Spinney Dan Renton Skinner, Simone Kirby Based on the audio diaries of academic and theologian John Hull, this film offers an impressionistic re-creation of his slow descent into blindness. documental,drama,foregindocumental,drama,foregin"},{"title":"One 2 Ka 4","tags":" Shashilal K. Nair Shah Rukh Khan, Juhi Chawla, Jackie Shroff, Nirmal Pandey, Dilip Joshi, Sahila Chaddha, Suresh Chatwal, Bharat Dabholkar, Baby Gazala, Akash Khurana When his partner is killed, a young cop is forced to care for the man's four children, and solicits the help of a woman who moves in with them. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Cheer Squad","tags":"   Follow the Great White Sharks, a world-champion cheerleading squad, as they juggle the pressures of training, school, work and relationships. show,showshow,show"},{"title":"Jim Norton: Mouthful of Shame","tags":" Shannon Hartman Jim Norton In this unrestricted jaunt through a gleefully filthy mind, comic Jim Norton offers a personal perspective on romance, desire and sexual proclivities. comedycomedy"},{"title":"100 Meters","tags":" Marcel Barrena Dani Rovira, Karra Elejalde, Alexandra Jim\u00e9nez, David Verdaguer, Clara Segura, Alba Ribas, Bruno Bergonzini, Ricardo Pereira, Manuela Couto, Marc Balaguer A man who is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis responds by training for an Ironman triathlon, with his cranky father-in-law's help. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Buddy Thunderstruck","tags":"  Brian Atkinson, Ted Raimi, Harry Chaskin, Justin Michael, Debi Derryberry, Philip Maurice Hayes, Leigh Kelly, J.D. Ryznar, Nick Shakoour, Ryan Wiesbrock, Clark Wiesbrock Follow the outrageous, high-octane adventures of Buddy Thunderstruck, a truck-racing dog who brings guts and good times to the town of Greasepit. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Burning Sands","tags":" Gerard McMurray Trevor Jackson, Alfre Woodard, Trevante Rhodes, Steve Harris, DeRon Horton, Rotimi, Serayah, Tosin Cole, Malik Bazille, Octavius J. Johnson, Davyon St. Usaire, Mitchell Edwards, Nafessa Williams, Christian Robinson, Imani Hakim, Raquel Bianca John Promising student Zurich opens his eyes to some hard truths when his fraternity's violent hazing escalates into a disastrous hell night. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"One More Time","tags":"  L, So-hui Yoon, Gi-du Kim, Chang-hwan Kim, Ji Su, Tae-im Lee, Nam-gil Kang This fantasy drama follows an indie band singer who repeatedly undergoes unwanted time slips and the girlfriend he must save from an unlucky fate. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Butterfly's Dream","tags":" Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan K\u0131van\u00e7 Tatl\u0131tu\u011f, Mert F\u0131rat, Bel\u00e7im Bilgin, Farah Zeynep Abdullah, Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan, Ahmet M\u00fcmtaz Taylan, Taner Birsel, Selman \u00dcnl\u00fcsoy, \u0130pek Bilgin, Aksel Bonfil, Devrim Yakut, Salih Kalyon Forced to work in a coal mine during World War II, two young poets find some escape when they both fall for the same woman. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Amy Schumer: The Leather Special","tags":" Amy Schumer Amy Schumer Comic sensation Amy Schumer riffs on sex, dating and the absurdities of fame in a bold and uncensored stand-up set at Denver's Bellco Theater. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Love Is in the Air","tags":"  Murat \u00dcnalm\u0131\u015f, Birce Akalay, Selen Soyder, Erman Okay, Kanbolat Gorkem Arslan, Levent Yilmaz, Ayseg\u00fcl G\u00fcnay, Selma Kutlu\u011f, Ulvi Alacakaptan, \u0130pek Erdem, Yilmaz Calayir, Isil Y\u00fccesoy Toprak, who lost her baby, is hired as a wet nurse for wealthy Yusuf's motherless son. Yusuf is drawn to Toprak, but also to her scheming sister. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Nila","tags":" Selvamani Selvaraj Sruthi Hariharan, Vicky R When a cabbie chances upon his childhood sweetheart, he tries to rekindle old feelings but finds that mature love is a more complicated matter. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Tong: Memories","tags":"  Lee Hak Joo, Ji-an Kim, Jae-yoon Lee, Heo Ji Won, Yang Hak Jin, Choi Yeong Min A tough young man with a short temper and no patience for bullies gains a legendary reputation as the best street fighter in Busan. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"Mike Birbiglia: Thank God for Jokes","tags":" Seth Barrish, Mike Birbiglia Mike Birbiglia Comedian Mike Birbiglia takes the stage in Brooklyn and hits on hard truths about puppets, late people and the very real dangers of being funny. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Force 2","tags":" Abhinay Deo John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha, Tahir Raj Bhasin, Narendra Jha, Adil Hussain, Vikram Kapadia, Patricia Hittler, Genelia D'souza, Raj Babbar, Freddy Daruwala, Boman Irani An ex-cop investigates the death of his best friend and two other spies, killings that lead to a mole operating from India's embassy in Budapest. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Jonas","tags":" L\u00f4 Politi Jesu\u00edta Barbosa, Laura Neiva, Criolo, Ana Cec\u00edlia Costa, Jo\u00e3o F\u00e1bio Cabral, Ariclenes Barroso, Karol Conk\u00e1, Chay Suede, Luciana Souza, Chris Couto, Roberto Berindelli During Carnival, two teens from different classes meet years after being kept apart. Bad decisions lead the boy to hide with the girl inside a float. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Opera\u00e7\u00f5es Especiais","tags":" Tomas Portella Cleo Pires, Marcos Caruso, Thiago Martins, Fabr\u00edcio Boliveira, Fabiula Nascimento, Antonio Pedro Tabet, F\u00e1bio Lago, Anal\u00fa Prestes, Gillray Coutinho, Augusto Madeira In a crime-plagued area of Rio de Janeiro, a team of honest cops, including a determined rookie, fights corruption and mistrust on all sides. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"I Don't Feel at Home in This World Anymore","tags":" Macon Blair Melanie Lynskey, Elijah Wood, David Yow, Jane Levy, Devon Graye, Christine Woods, Robert Longstreet, Gary Anthony Williams A timid nursing assistant gets a new lease on life when she and a neighborhood loner track down the degenerates who broke into her house. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Legend Quest","tags":"  Benny Emmanuel, Mayt\u00e9 Cordeiro, Andr\u00e9s Couturier, Ricardo O'Farrill, Alondra Hidalgo, Alejandro Villeli, Sof\u00eda Ni\u00f1o de Rivera, Johnny Rose, Annemarie Blanco, Oscar Cheda, Paul Tei, Cydney J. Fam, Lisa Grossman When an evil force threatens his village, a gifted teen who can talk to ghosts puts his skills to good use, one legend at a time. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Sound of Your Heart","tags":"  Kwang-soo Lee, Dae-Myung Kim, So-min Jung, Byeong-ok Kim, Mi-kyung Kim Based on Korea's longest-running webtoon series, this comedy follows the ridiculous daily lives of a cartoonist, his girlfriend and his subpar family. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Love Me As I Am","tags":"  Alper Sald\u0131ran, Zeynep \u00c7amc\u0131, Burcu Alt\u0131n, Umut Kurt, Eda Ece, Ozan Osmanpa\u015fao\u011flu, Mert Turak, Burcu Biricik, Yusuf Akg\u00fcn, Selen U\u00e7er After wealthy college boy \u00d6mer and lower class college girl Aysem fall in love and quickly marry, they learn that love and life aren't always perfect. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Trevor Noah: Afraid of the Dark","tags":" David Paul Meyer Trevor Noah The \"Daily Show\" host ponders the perils of naming countries, how traffic lights turn New Yorkers invincible and why you shouldn't drink in Scotland. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Boy Missing","tags":" Mar Targarona Blanca Portillo, Antonio Dechent, Vicente Romero, Marc Dom\u00e8nech, Nausicaa Bonn\u00edn, Andr\u00e9s Herrera, Jos\u00e9 Coronado, Macarena G\u00f3mez, Paco Manzanedo, Sergi Subir\u00e0 When her son is kidnapped and later found traumatized, a lawyer takes justice into her own hands, causing events that spiral out of control. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Growing Up Wild","tags":" Keith Scholey Daveed Diggs Five baby animals from different parts of the world grow up learning to survive in the wild, nurtured by the love and guidance of their families. family,documentalfamily,documental"},{"title":"Tini: The New Life of Violetta","tags":" Juan Pablo Buscarini Martina Stoessel, Jorge Blanco, Adri\u00e1n Salzedo, Mercedes Lambre, Diego Ramos, Clara Alonso, Sofia Carson, Leonardo Cecchi, Ridder van Kooten, Beatrice Arnera, Georgina Amor\u00f3s After completing a world tour, a teen pop star spends the summer at an Italian villa to recover from heartbreak and grow into a mature artist. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Love for Ten: Generation of Youth","tags":"  Sung-yeol Lee, Ji-hyun Nam, Clara Lee, Jin Won A nerdy engineering student falls for a pretty, outgoing girl at his college. To get closer to her, he joins the theater group she belongs to. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Rocky Handsome","tags":" Nishikant Kamat John Abraham, Diya Chalwad, Shruti Haasan, Nishikant Kamat, Sharad Kelkar, Nathalia Kaur A reclusive pawn shop owner sets his sights on revenge when vicious gangsters kidnap his drug-addicted neighbor's young daughter. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"A Heavy Heart","tags":" Thomas Stuber Peter Kurth, Lena Lauzemis, Lina Wendel, Edin Hasanovic, Marko Dyrlich, Peter Schneider, Reiner Sch\u00f6ne, Udo Kroschwald Long past his heyday, a still-virile boxer tries to reconnect with his daughter as he confronts the onset of a terminal, degenerative neural disorder. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Nightmare High","tags":"  So-hyun Kim, Min-hyuk Lee, Ki-joon Uhm, Da-Ye Kim, Seung-do Baek, Shin-ae Seo After a new teacher arrives, students' dreams begin to come true. Class president Ye-rim must solve the nightmarish mystery before it's too late. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Rush: Beyond the Lighted Stage","tags":" Sam Dunn, Scot McFadyen  Celebrate the remarkable 40-year career of influential Canadian rockers Rush with this documentary, which details the band's formation and evolution. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Spark","tags":"  Jong-chan Na, Bo-ra Nam, Da-young Joo, Yeo One, Ki-sung Bae, Jin-joo Park, Eun-soo Kwon A young woman's life gets a jump-start after she and a musical genius are both struck by the same falling star. But will the side effects derail love? foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Fury of a Patient Man","tags":" Ra\u00fal Ar\u00e9valo Antonio de la Torre, Luis Callejo, Ruth D\u00edaz, Ra\u00fal Jim\u00e9nez, Manolo Solo, Font Garc\u00eda, Pilar G\u00f3mez, Alicia Rubio After his lover is killed in a jewelry store robbery, quiet Jos\u00e9 romances caf\u00e9 owner Ana, who's unaware he has other motivations. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"The Memory of Water","tags":" Mat\u00edas Bize Elena Anaya, Benjam\u00edn Vicu\u00f1a, N\u00e9stor Cantillana, Sergio Hern\u00e1ndez, Silvia Marty, Etienne Bobenrieth, Antonia Zegers, Pablo Cerda When the accidental death of a couple's young son sends them grieving in opposite directions, they're forced to re-examine their life and marriage. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Girlfriend's Day","tags":" Michael Paul Stephenson Bob Odenkirk, Amber Tamblyn, Natasha Lyonne, Alex Karpovsky, Stacy Keach, Andy Richter, Ed Begley Jr., David Sullivan, Larry Fessenden, June Diane Raphael, Rich Sommer, Steven Michael Quezada, Echo Kellum, Stephanie Courtney, Toby Huss, Tucker Smallwood, Kevin O'Grady, Nate Mooney When he's caught up in a deadly conspiracy, an unemployed greeting card writer must create the perfect card for a new holiday to save his skin. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Katherine Ryan: In Trouble","tags":" Colin Dench Katherine Ryan Stand-up comic Katherine Ryan reminisces about unusual relationships, life in the hometown she hates and the time she enraged an entire nation. comedycomedy"},{"title":"White Nights","tags":"  Yo-Won Lee, Goo Jin, U-ie, Hae-in Jung, Gook-hwan Jeon, Han-yong Jeong A coldhearted heiress, a man from her past and an ambitious new hire in her company all become entangled on a battleground for money and power. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Cyborg 009: Call of Justice","tags":"  Keisuke Koumoto, Risa Taneda, Misato Fukuen, Takuya Sato, Satoshi Hino, Kenji Nomura, Mitsuaki Madono, Setsuji Sato, Haruki Ishiya, Ryo Sugisaki, Yui Makino, Kazuhiko Inoue, Yuko Kaida Years after taking up normal lives incognito, the cyborgs are forced to fight again when the superhuman Blessed appear with a plan for humanity. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"David Brent: Life on the Road","tags":" Ricky Gervais Ricky Gervais, Doc Brown, Tom Basden, Jo Hartley, Tom Bennett, Andrew Brooke, Nina Sosanya, Andy Burrows, Kevin Bishop, Roisin Conaty, Diane Morgan, Ashley McGuire, Alexander Arnold, Mandeep Dhillon With \"The Office\" long in the past, middling salesman David Brent ditches work and goes on tour with his rock band in a disastrous stab at stardom. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Grillo vs Grillo","tags":"  Beppe Grillo Outspoken comedian Beppe Grillo reminisces about his long career, including the triumphs and controversies that fueled his rise in Italian politics. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Hitler - A Career","tags":" Joachim Fest, Christian Herrendoerfer  This documentary examines how Adolf Hitler's talent for manipulation, psychology and image-making led him from humble origins to near-world conquest. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Michael Bolton's Big, Sexy Valentine's Day Special","tags":" Scott Aukerman, Akiva Schaffer Michael Bolton, Andy Samberg, Will Forte, Kenny G, Maya Rudolph, Adam Scott, Janeane Garofalo, Brooke Shields, Sinbad, Michael Sheen, Tim Robinson, Bob Saget, Mary Holland, Andy Richter, Colton Dunn, David Theune, Randall Park, Sarah Silverman, Mary Sohn, Fred Armisen, Matthew Kimbrough, Maya Erskine, Louie Anderson, Claudia O'Doherty, Kate Berlant, Baron Vaughn, Zachary Oyama, Casey Wilson, Sarah Shahi, Jimmy Graham, Luka Jones, Akiva Schaffer, Eric Andr\u00e9, Scott Aukerman, Nicole Byer, Dave Ferguson, Tim Kalpakis, Mike Hanford, Mircea Monroe, Chris Parnell, Sal Stowers After Santa tells him he needs 75,000 new babies by Christmas to meet toy supply, Michael Bolton hosts a telethon to inspire the world to make love. comedy,music,romancecomedy,music,romance"},{"title":"Daniel Sosa: Sosafado","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Daniel Sosa Comedian Daniel Sosa inhabits various characters, including a Tupperware dealer, a thirsty priest and a Trojan horse soldier in this stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Imperial Dreams","tags":" Malik Vitthal John Boyega, Rotimi, Glenn Plummer, De'Aundre Bonds, Keke Palmer, Nora Zehetner, Todd Louiso A young father returns home from jail eager to care for his son and become a writer, but crime, poverty and a flawed system threaten his plans. dramadrama"},{"title":"Dilwale","tags":" Rohit Shetty Shah Rukh Khan, Kajol, Kriti Sanon, Kabir Bedi, Varun Dhawan, Boman Irani, Johnny Lever, Varun Sharma, Sanjay Mishra, Vinod Khanna, Mukesh Tiwari, Pankaj Tripathi, Shawar Ali A young couple falls in love, but conflicting loyalties drive them apart. Years later, fate intervenes and hands them a second chance. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Happy New Year","tags":" Farah Khan Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Sonu Sood, Boman Irani, Vivaan Shah A revenge-seeking diamond thief gathers a ragtag crew to infiltrate a Dubai hotel hosting a dance contest. But first they have to learn how to dance. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Haraamkhor","tags":" Shlok Sharma Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Shweta Tripathi, Harish Khanna, Irfan Khan, Trimala Adhikari, Mohd Samad A selfish, manipulative schoolteacher takes advantage of a schoolgirl's vulnerability to gratify his dark, narcissistic desires. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Heroes Wanted","tags":" Joaqu\u00edn Maz\u00f3n Mar\u00eda Le\u00f3n, Miki Esparb\u00e9, Jordi S\u00e1nchez, Andoni Agirregomezkorta, Juan Carlos Aduviri, S\u00edlvia Abril, Carlos Areces, Joaqu\u00edn Reyes When its special ops agency is wiped out, Spain hastily assembles a new team to defuse a terrorist plot. But who are these scrappy would-be heroes? action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Reconquest","tags":" Jon\u00e1s Trueba Francesco Carril, Itsaso Arana, Candela Recio, Pablo Hoyos, Aura Garrido Years after they were childhood sweethearts, Manuela and Olmo share a night in Madrid, where they discuss their past and the possibility of a future. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Zapped","tags":" Peter DeLuise Zendaya, Chanelle Peloso, Spencer Boldman, Emilia McCarthy, Adam DiMarco, William Ainscough, Aleks Paunovic, Lucia Walters A girl discovers a dog-training app that can get boys to obey her every command. But she soon learns that it isn't the cure-all she had hoped for. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Bill Burr: Walk Your Way Out","tags":" Jay Karas Bill Burr No-nonsense comic Bill Burr takes the stage in Nashville and riffs on fast food, overpopulation, dictators and gorilla sign language. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Semana Santa","tags":" Alejandra M\u00e1rquez Abella Tenoch Huerta, Anajos\u00e9 Aldrete, Esteban \u00c1vila, David Thornton, Jimena Cuar\u00f3n, Lakshmi Picazo A single mother, her boyfriend and her 8-year-old son take a weeklong resort vacation, during which secrets and relationship strains take their toll. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Journey to Greenland","tags":" S\u00e9bastien Betbeder Thomas Blanchard, Thomas Scimeca, Fran\u00e7ois Chattot, Ole Eliassen, Adam Eskilden When they flee Paris for a remote village in Greenland, two part-time actors become immersed in the archaic Inuit culture and forge unexpected bonds. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"IBOY","tags":" Adam Randall Bill Milner, Maisie Williams, Rory Kinnear, Miranda Richardson, Jordan Bolger, Charley Palmer Rothwell, Aymen Hamdouchi When shards of a cell phone get lodged in a teenager's brain, he discovers he can control electronic devices and uses his newfound power for revenge. foregin,fantasy,suspenseforegin,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"O Sil\u00eancio do C\u00e9u","tags":" Marco Dutra Leonardo Sbaraglia, Carolina Dieckmann, Chino Dar\u00edn, Alvaro Armand Ugon, Mirella Pascual, Roberto Su\u00e1rez, Paula Cohen, Dylan Cortes, Priscila Bellora, Gabriela Freire, Mar\u00eda Mendive After being raped in her home, a married woman chooses not to tell her husband, unaware that he has his own troubled secret and a plan for revenge. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Cristela Alonzo: Lower Classy","tags":" Marcus Raboy Cristela Alonzo The irrepressible Alonzo skewers Latino stereotypes, pricey luxuries and her mother's tough-love parenting in a night of sly and infectious comedy. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Gad Gone Wild","tags":" Mario Rouleau Gad Elmaleh French comic Gad Elmaleh regales a Montreal crowd with tales of awkward mix-ups and baffling customs he's encountered since moving to the U.S. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Pink","tags":" Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury Tapsee Pannu, Kirti Kulhari, Andrea Tariang, Amitabh Bachchan, Piyush Mishra, Angad Bedi, Vijay Varma, Raashul Tandon, Tushar Pandey, Dhritiman Chatterjee, Mamata Shankar A sexual assault victim, unjustly tried for the attempted murder of her attacker, is defended by a retired lawyer who challenges India's rape culture. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Take the 10","tags":" Chester Tam Josh Peck, Tony Revolori, Kevin Corrigan, Chester Tam, Andy Samberg, Stella Maeve, Jordan Rock, Carlos Alazraqui, Fred Armisen Two buddies working dead-end cashier jobs endure a mind-blowing series of events on their quest to get to the hip-hop show of their lives. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Neal Brennan: 3 Mics","tags":" Neal Brennan Neal Brennan Wicked one-liners and soul-baring confessions converge in this uniquely intimate stand-up special from \"Chappelle's Show\" co-creator Neal Brennan. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Berlin Calling","tags":" Hannes St\u00f6hr Paul Kalkbrenner, Rita Lengyel, Corinna Harfouch, Araba Walton, Peter Schneider, Rolf Peter Kahl, Henriette M\u00fcller, Udo Kroschwald, Megan Gay, Max Mauff DJ Ickarus is at the top of his game, dazzling fans and touring the world \u2013 until he gets locked in the loony bin after taking a few too many drugs. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Sarajevo","tags":" Andreas Prochaska Florian Teichtmeister, Heino Ferch, Melika Foroutan, Juergen Maurer, Edin Hasanovic, Eugen Knecht, Mateusz Dopieralski, Dominik Warta, Simon Hatzl, Erwin Steinhauer, Friedrich von Thun, Juraj Kukura Tasked with unraveling the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, an honorable magistrate finds himself targeted by the shadowy perpetrators. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Stereo","tags":" Maximilian Erlenwein J\u00fcrgen Vogel, Moritz Bleibtreu, Petra Schmidt-Schaller, Georg Friedrich, Rainer Bock, Mark Zak, Helena Sch\u00f6nfelder, Fabian Hinrichs Erik's peaceful rural family life is shaken by the arrival of sinister figures who claim to know him and a mysterious \"friend\" who may not even exist. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"We Are Young. We Are Strong.","tags":" Burhan Qurbani Jonas Nay, Trang Le Hong, Devid Striesow, Joel Basman, Saskia Rosendahl, Paul G\u00e4bler, David Sch\u00fctter, Jakob Bieber, Swantje Kohlhof, Mai Duong Kieu In 1992, three radically different residents of Rostock, Germany, become entangled in a violent xenophobic riot that rocks the beleaguered city. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Casablancas: The Man Who Loved Women","tags":" Hubert Woroniecki  The rise and smash success of Elite modeling agency founder John Casablancas is chronicled in this biography of the man who invented the supermodel. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Clinical","tags":" Alistair Legrand Vinessa Shaw, Kevin Rahm, William Atherton, Aaron Stanford, Wilmer Calderon, Sydney Tamiia Poitier, India Eisley, Nestor Serrano A psychiatrist is plagued by flashbacks to a terrifying attack as she treats a new patient who was horribly disfigured in an accident. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Very Big Shot","tags":" Mir-Jean Bou Chaaya Alain Saadeh, Fouad Yammine, Tarek Yaacoub, Alexandra Kahwaji, Wissam Fares, Georges Hayeck, Fadi Abi Samra, Marcel Ghanem When three brothers struggling to go straight become targets of a criminal underworld, they use the making of a movie as a front to transport drugs. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Jim Gaffigan: Cinco","tags":" Jeannie Gaffigan Jim Gaffigan America's king of clean comedy delivers wickedly funny jokes in his fifth hour-long special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"We're Lalaloopsy","tags":"  Mariee Devereux, Kazumi Evans, Maryke Hendrikse, Matt Hill, Diana Kaarina, Jocelyne Loewen, Sabrina Pitre The Lalaloopsy gang and their adorable pets know every day is a perfect day to celebrate the magic of friendship, creativity and collaboration. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Under the Shadow","tags":" Babak Anvari Narges Rashidi, Avin Manshadi, Bobby Naderi, Ray Haratian, Arash Marandi, Hamidreza Djavdan, Soussan Farrokhnia, Bijan Daneshmand, Sajjad Delafrooz, Behi Djanati Atai During the Iran-Iraq conflict, a Tehran woman caring for her daughter while her husband is at war is gradually convinced evil spirits are at work. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Coin Heist","tags":" Emily Hagins Sasha Pieterse, Alexis G. Zall, Alex Saxon, Jay Walker, Mark Blum, Neal Huff, Michael Cyril Creighton, Blanche Baker, Connor Ratliff, Will Denton When a crisis threatens to destroy their high school, four teens hatch a daring plan to raise $10 million. Step one? Breaking into the U.S. Mint. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"LEGO: Marvel Super Heroes: Maximum Overload","tags":" Greg Richardson Troy Baker, Drake Bell, Fred Tatasciore, Dee Bradley Baker, Steve Blum, Adrian Pasdar, Greg Cipes, Chi McBride, Barry Dennen, Robin Atkin Downes Villainous Loki is amassing an army to conquer Earth! His antics are keeping Spider-Man and S.H.I.E.L.D. busy as they tackle a host of bad guys. familyfamily"},{"title":"Rampage: President Down","tags":" Uwe Boll Brendan Fletcher, Steve Baran, Ryan McDonell, Scott Patey, Loretta Walsh, Zain Meghji, Crystal Lowe Lone-wolf vigilante Bill Williamson is back, taking aim at the U.S. government and eluding the pursuit of two FBI agents who are on his trail. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Marvel's Hulk: Where Monsters Dwell","tags":" Mitch Schauer Fred Tatasciore, Liam O'Brien, Jesse Burch, Edward Bosco, Chiara Zanni, Mike Vaughn, Jon Olson, Matthew Waterson, Zach Callison, Laura Bailey, Hope Levy On Halloween, the Hulk and Dr. Strange battle monsters wreaking havoc on New York and uncover an evil plot by Nightmare, ruler of the Dream Dimension. family,fantasyfamily,fantasy"},{"title":"Jen Kirkman: Just Keep Livin\u2019?","tags":" Lance Bangs Jen Kirkman Incisive comic Jen Kirkman gets real about women's bodies, the value of alone time and an Italian private tour guide who may have been a ghost. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Autohead","tags":" Rohit Mittal Deepak Sampat, Ronjini Chakroborty, Vikrant Singh, Jhanvi Dwivedi, Ajay Mishra, Rohit Mittal, Sunny Banerjee, Ravidev Singh A production crew that thinks it's making a documentary about a humble Mumbai rickshaw driver unmasks a horrifying truth about their film's subject. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Bee Movie","tags":" Steve Hickner, Simon J. Smith Jerry Seinfeld, Ren\u00e9e Zellweger, Matthew Broderick, Patrick Warburton, John Goodman, Chris Rock, Kathy Bates, Barry Levinson, Larry King, Ray Liotta Barry, a worker bee stuck in a dead-end job making honey, sues humans when he learns they've been stealing bees' nectar all along. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Headwinds","tags":" Jalil Lespert Beno\u00eet Magimel, Isabelle Carr\u00e9, Antoine Dul\u00e9ry, Ramzy B\u00e9dia, Bouli Lanners, Marie-Ange Casta, Daniel Duval, Lubna Azabal, Aurore Cl\u00e9ment, Audrey Tautou After his wife inexplicably disappears, a man takes their two children and relocates to his hometown in an attempt to end their grief and move on. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Star Trek: Deep Space Nine","tags":"  Avery Brooks, Nana Visitor, Rene Auberjonois, Cirroc Lofton, Alexander Siddig, Colm Meaney, Armin Shimerman, Terry Farrell, Michael Dorn In this \"Star Trek\" spin-off, Commander Sisko leads the multi-species crew of Deep Space Nine, a Federation space station with a complex mission. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Udta Punjab","tags":" Abhishek Chaubey Shahid Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor, Alia Bhatt, Diljit Dosanjh, Satish Kaushik, Suhail Nayyar, Prabhjyot Singh, Harpreet Singh, Manav Vij, Taran Bajaj Drug abuse and the darker side of Punjab rear their heads in the intense, interwoven tales of a cop, a doctor, a migrant worker and a rock star. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Mr. Pig","tags":" Diego Luna Danny Glover, Maya Rudolph, Jos\u00e9 Mar\u00eda Yazpik, Joel Murray, Ang\u00e9lica Arag\u00f3n, Gabriela Araujo An aging California pig farmer whose property is on the brink of foreclosure makes a last-ditch trip across the border to sell his prized hog. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"My Runway","tags":"  Ji-yeon Park, Dong-ho Kang, Chul-woong Kang, Bo-hyun Ahn, Hak Jin, Se-jin Park, Kisum An egotistic top male model and a pretty model wannabe are forced to live each other's lives until they figure out a way to undo their body switch. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"AJIN: Demi-Human","tags":"  Mamoru Miyano, Yoshimasa Hosoya, Jun Fukuyama, Hochu Otsuka, Daisuke Hirakawa, Takahiro Sakurai, Mikako Komatsu, Hiroyuki Kinoshita, Aya Suzaki A teenager discovers that he is an Ajin and flees before the authorities experiment on him. Other Ajin plan to fight back and he must choose a side. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Chasing Cameron","tags":"  Cameron Dallas, Aaron Carpenter, Taylor Caniff, Willie Jones, Trey Schafer, Bart Bordelon, Blake Gray Go behind the scenes with social media sensation Cameron Dallas as he takes his career to the next level on an international tour. show,showshow,show"},{"title":"7:19","tags":" Jorge Michel Grau Demi\u00e1n Bichir, H\u00e9ctor Bonilla, Oscar Serrano, Azalia Ortiz, Octavio Michel, Carmen Beato After a devastating earthquake hits Mexico City, trapped survivors from all walks of life wait to be rescued while trying desperately to stay alive. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Garfunkel and Oates: Trying to be Special","tags":" Riki Lindhome, Jeremy Konner Riki Lindhome, Kate Micucci, Anthony Jeselnik, Steve Agee Garfunkel and Oates put on a surprise-filled show in Seattle in hopes of raising enough money to make their own comedy special. music,comedymusic,comedy"},{"title":"Sense8","tags":"  Tuppence Middleton, Brian J. Smith, Doona Bae, Max Riemelt, Naveen Andrews, Daryl Hannah, Freema Agyeman, Terrence Mann, Adam Shapiro, Max Mauff, Alfonso Herrera, Er\u00e9ndira Ibarra, Aml Ameen, Jamie Clayton, Tina Desae, Miguel \u00c1ngel Silvestre, Toby Onwumere, Joe Pantoliano From the creators of \"The Matrix\" and \"Babylon 5\" comes this tense series in which eight people can telepathically experience each other's lives. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Gabriel lglesias: I\u2019m Sorry For What I Said When I Was Hungry","tags":" Manny Rodriguez Gabriel Iglesias Hawaiian-shirt enthusiast Gabriel \"Fluffy\" Iglesias finds the laughs in racist gift baskets, Prius-driving cops and all-female taco trucks. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Barry","tags":" Vikram Gandhi Devon Terrell, Anya Taylor-Joy, Jason Mitchell, Ashley Judd, Jenna Elfman, Ellar Coltrane, Avi Nash, Linus Roache, John Benjamin Hickey A young Barack Obama forges his identity while dealing with race, divergent cultures and ordinary life as a New York City college student. dramadrama"},{"title":"Crazyhead","tags":"  Cara Theobold, Susan Wokoma, Riann Steele, Arinz\u00e9 Kene, Lewis Reeves, Tony Curran Bowling alley worker Amy and nonconformist Raquel kick some serious demon butt while also facing their inner demons as they navigate their early 20s. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Sister Cities","tags":" Sean Hanish Jacki Weaver, Troian Bellisario, Stana Katic, Michelle Trachtenberg, Jess Weixler, Alfred Molina, Amy Smart, Tom Everett Scott, Kaia Gerber, Aimee Garcia, Kathy Baker, Peter Jason After years of estrangement, four sisters gather in the wake of their mother's death, which may or may not have been a suicide. dramadrama"},{"title":"3 T\u00fcrken & ein Baby","tags":" Sinan Akku\u015f Kostja Ullmann, Eko Fresh, Kida Khodr Ramadan, Sabrina Kl\u00fcber, Sami Nasser, Kayla Rybicka, Jytte-Merle B\u00f6hrnsen, Emrah Erdogru, Tim Grothe, H\u00fclya Duyar The lives of three dissatisfied brothers running a family bridal shop turn topsy-turvy when one of them has to care for his ex-girlfriend's baby. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Color of Woman","tags":"  Jae Hee, Soo-kyung Lee, So-yi Yoon, Ji-ho Shim, Sang-Myeon Park, Joo-young Kim Two women at a cosmetics company compete for love and success. One uses her brain and diligence, while the other works her beauty and charm. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Eddie - Strongman","tags":" Matt Bell Eddie Hall British strongman Eddie Hall wants to be the strongest man in the world. This documentary reveals the grueling life choices that fuel his obsession. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Goodbye My Wife","tags":"  Soo-hyun Hong, Si Won Ryu, Ji-yoon Park, Min-soo Kim, Julien Kang, Joo-eun Oh, Seong-mo Jeong A couple\u2019s five-year marriage is put on the line when each of their first loves comes back hoping for another shot at romance. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Happy And","tags":"  Hee-Jin Lee, Hae-seong Kwon, Paul Stafford, Mi-ji Lee, Ik-tae Kim, Ki-hyeon Kim This relatable relationship drama explores the real-life trials and joys of married life through the lens of 11 different wives. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Heaven's Garden","tags":"  Bul-am Choi, Ho-Jeong Yoo, Sae-ron Kim, Chan-hee Kang, Woo-Sung Hyun, An Seo Hyun, Ho-Jin Kim When her husband goes to jail for bankruptcy, a woman takes her two daughters to live with her father, who severed ties with her years ago. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Ice Fantasy","tags":"  Feng Shaofeng, Victoria Song, Ma Tianyu, Zhang Meng, Hee-seon Kim, Gong Beibi, Shao Bing, Hu Bing, Wang Duo The Ice Tribe prince journeys to a sacred mountain to vanquish evil but soon finds himself at war with the Fire Tribe, led by his long-lost brother. foregin,action,fantasyforegin,action,fantasy"},{"title":"Immortal Classic","tags":"  Jae-suk Han, Sun-Young Park, Du-shim Ko, Ye-jin Lim, Jong-hwan Choi, Ha-Nui Lee, Yun-Hoo Ko, Byeong-Ki Kim, Sun-kyung Kim, Yoon-Sik Baek Two renowned culinary families led by legendary food icons battle for the position of greatest chef, while protecting their secret kimchee recipes. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"InuYasha","tags":"  Kappei Yamaguchi, Satsuki Yukino, Kumiko Watanabe, Noriko Hidaka, Koji Tsujitani, Houko Kuwashima, Toshiyuki Morikawa, Richard Ian Cox, Moneca Stori, Paul Dobson, Kirby Morrow, Kelly Sheridan, Jillian Michaels Yanked down a well, schoolgirl Kagome Higurashi emerges in feudal Japan, where she must reassemble a sacred jewel while eluding half-demon Inuyasha. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"K-POP Extreme Survival","tags":"  Jung Eun Kim, Yu-hwan Park, Eun-ah Go, Yong Hwan Kwak, Jin Hyuk Seung Yeon decides to chase her dream of becoming a K-pop star and audition for a popular group. There's only one catch: It's a boy band. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Merlin","tags":" James Hawes Colin Morgan, Bradley James, Katie McGrath, Angel Coulby, Richard Wilson, Anthony Head, John Hurt, Nathaniel Parker This family-oriented retelling of the King Arthur legend finds Merlin arriving in Camelot, where he hones his magic skills with the help of his uncle. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"Miss Panda & Mr. Hedgehog","tags":"  Dong-hae Lee, Seung-ah Yoon, Jin-hyuk Choi, So-young Yoo, Yeo-jin Hong, Min-jin Jung When a gifted patissier with a gloomy past meets a bright and easygoing caf\u00e9 owner, he begins to shed his thorns and learns to love again. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sand Storm","tags":" Elite Zexer Lamis Ammar, Ruba Blal, Haitham Omari, Khadija Alakel, Jalal Masarwa When a Bedouin patriarch takes a second bride, his first wife chafes against her changing status while his daughter chases her own dreams of autonomy. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Tokyo Trial","tags":"  Marcel Hensema, Paul Freeman, Irrfan Khan, Stacy Keach, Michael Ironside, Stephen McHattie, Shinya Tsukamoto In the wake of World War II, 11 Allied judges are tasked with weighing the fates of Japanese war criminals in a tense international trial. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Ricardo O'Farrill: Abrazo navide\u00f1o","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Ricardo O'Farrill, Carlos Ballarta, Sof\u00eda Ni\u00f1o de Rivera, Chumel Torres, Marissa \"Chabe\" Lozano The expressive Ricardo O'Farrill uses his astute comedic sensibilities to tease Christmas traditions, and not even Santa Claus escapes unscathed. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Asperger's Are Us","tags":" Alex Lehmann Noah Britton, Ethan Finlan, Jack Hanke, New Michael Ingemi A comedy troupe of four friends on the autism spectrum prepares for a final show before its members go their separate ways. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Captive","tags":"   This documentary series reconstructs history's most complex, high-stakes hostage negotiations as kidnapping victims recount their terrifying ordeals. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Mariah Carey's Merriest Christmas","tags":" James Yukich Mariah Carey, Lacey Chabert, Kelsey Grammer, Billy Gardell, Fina Strazza, Kenneth Edmonds, Cameron Mathison, Brennan Elliott Pop music superstar Mariah Carey hosts this all-star holiday celebration with special guests and a celebrity reading of \"The Night Before Christmas.\" family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Spectral","tags":" Nic Mathieu James Badge Dale, Emily Mortimer, Bruce Greenwood, Max Martini, Clayne Crawford, Cory Hardrict, Louis Ozawa Changchien, Jimmy Akingbola, Dylan Smith, Philip Bulcock When an otherworldly force wreaks havoc on a war-torn European city, an engineer teams up with an elite Special Ops unit to stop it. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"White Rabbit Project","tags":"  Tory Belleci, Kari Byron, Grant Imahara Kari Byron, Tory Belleci and Grant Imahara rank history's greatest inventions, heists and more in this series from the producers of \"MythBusters.\" documental,foregin,showdocumental,foregin,show"},{"title":"Miss in Kiss","tags":"  Esther Wu, Dino Lee, Gong Yi Teng, Xi Wei Lun, Honduras, Vega Tsai, Shen Chang Hung A quirk of fate sends an ordinary, sweet-natured high school girl and her father into the home of the school genius, on whom she has a huge crush. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Other People","tags":" Chris Kelly Jesse Plemons, Molly Shannon, Bradley Whitford, Maude Apatow, Madisen Beaty, John Early, Zach Woods, Paul Dooley, June Squibb After a bad breakup, a struggling New York comedy writer tries to don a brave face and care for his dying mother in Sacramento. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Cuba Libre Story","tags":"   This documentary series recounts the tumultuous history of Cuba, a nation of foreign conquest, freedom fighters and Cold War political machinations. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Blue Jay","tags":" Alex Lehmann Sarah Paulson, Mark Duplass, Clu Gulager Two former high school sweethearts unexpectedly reunite in their old hometown, where they rediscover their magical bond and face a shared regret. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"One in a Billion","tags":" Roman Gackowski Satnam Singh Bhamara, Mark Cuban, Adam Silver, Vivek Ranadiv\u00e9 Follow the journey of Satnam Singh Bhamara as he works to fulfill his dream of becoming the first India-born player to be drafted into the NBA. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Reggie Watts: Spatial","tags":" Benjamin Dickinson Reggie Watts The comic innovator delivers a surreal set blending experimental songs, jokes about grits, guns and drugs, and other improvised comedy adventures. music,comedymusic,comedy"},{"title":"From Dusk Till Dawn","tags":"  D.J. Cotrona, Zane Holtz, Eiza Gonzalez, Jesse Garcia, Madison Davenport, Brandon Soo Hoo, Wilmer Valderrama, Robert Patrick, Jake Busey, Samantha Esteban, Don Johnson Bank-robbing brothers encounter vengeful lawmen and demons south of the border in this original series based on Robert Rodriguez' cult horror film. classic,action,suspenseclassic,action,suspense"},{"title":"Mercenary","tags":" Sacha Wolff Toki Pilioko, Iliana Zabeth, Mikaele Tuugahala, Laurent Pakihivatau, Petelo Sealeu, Maoni Talalua, Teotola Maka, Bessarion Udesiani When he defies his cruel father and leaves New Caledonia to play rugby in France, young Soane learns hard lessons about life, love and success. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Lost & Found Music Studios","tags":"  Victoria Baldesarra, Sarah Carmosino, Jordan Clark, DeShaun Clarke, Keara Graves, Katrina Hachey, Shane Harte, Ali Milner, Levi Randall, Brittany Raymond, Trevor Tordjman, Michael Torontow, Alex Zaichkowski, Matthew Bacik, Alyssa Baker, Ella Jonas Farlinger, Ian Matthews, Rakim Kelly, Bailey Pelkman, Olivia Solo Teen singers-songwriters in an elite music program form bonds of friendship, creativity and romance while turning their passion into their profession. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"For the Love of Spock","tags":" Adam Nimoy Leonard Nimoy, William Shatner, George Takei, Nichelle Nichols, Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Simon Pegg, Zoe Saldana, Jim Parsons, Jason Alexander, Neil deGrasse Tyson, J.J. Abrams The son of actor Leonard Nimoy directs this moving look at his father's portrayal of Spock, the iconic \"Star Trek\" character he played for 50 years. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"White Girl","tags":" Elizabeth Wood Morgan Saylor, Brian 'Sene' Marc, Justin Bartha, Chris Noth, Adrian Martinez, India Menuez, Anthony Ramos, Ralph Rodriguez, Annabelle Dexter-Jones A college girl romping through New York City in search of cocaine and other highs finds something real to grasp, only to see it potentially slip away. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"#Rucker50","tags":" Robert McCullough Jr.  This documentary celebrates the 50th anniversary of the Harlem sports program that has inspired countless city kids to become pro basketball players. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"1000 Rupee Note","tags":" Shrihari Sathe Usha Naik, Sandeep Pathak, Shrikant Yadav, Ganesh Yadav, Pooja Nayak, Devendra Gaikwad After randomly receiving a handsome political bribe, a sweet, poor elderly woman decides to treat herself a shopping spree, which doesn't go smoothly. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Across Grace Alley","tags":" Ralph Macchio Ben Hyland, Marsha Mason, Karina Smirnoff, Colin Branca, Ralph Macchio, Tricia Paoluccio A young boy, upset by his parents' divorce, becomes infatuated with his grandmother's neighbor, an entrancing dancer he watches through a window. dramadrama"},{"title":"Asu Mare 2","tags":" Ricardo Maldonado Carlos Alc\u00e1ntara, Emilia Drago, Christian Meier, Andr\u00e9s Salas, Anah\u00ed de C\u00e1rdenas, Rodrigo S\u00e1nchez Pati\u00f1o, Denisse Dib\u00f3s, Javier Delgiudice, Ana Cecilia Natteri To win the heart of his true love \u2013 a high-society girl \u2013 a hapless commoner plots to change his identity and avoid his embarrassing friends. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Back to 1989","tags":"  Marcus Chang, Ivy Shao, Mini Tsai, Yorke Sun, Ray Yang, Chang Chieh A young man who's learned nothing about his father from his single mom has a freak accident that sends him back to 1989, the year before he was born. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Bromance","tags":"  Baron Chen, Megan Lai, Bii, Katie Chen, Sean Lee Ya-nuo's been raised as a boy. Now at age 25, she's caught the eye of a triad leader's sister. But what happens when she reveals her true gender? foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Interrogation","tags":" Vetrimaaran Dinesh Ravi, Samuthirakani, Kishore Kumar, Anandhi, Murugadoss, Ajay Ghosh In this fact-based drama, politically motivated cops in Andhra Pradesh set out to frame four Tamil laborers for a crime, torturing them to no avail. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Rainbow Time","tags":" Linas Phillips Linas Phillips, Melanie Lynskey, Timm Sharp, Tobin Bell, Jay Duplass, Lauren Weedman, Artemis Pebdani, Reagan Yates, Austin Fryberger A developmentally disabled man obsessed with the Fonz, guns and all things kinky poses a challenge for his arrogant brother when he moves in with him. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Refresh Man","tags":"  Aaron Yan, Joanne Tseng, Lene Lai, Jack Lee, JR Ten years after a once-promising student graduates, she finds herself working at a cosmetics company run by the boy with the worst grades in school. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Richard Pryor: Live in Concert","tags":" Jeff Margolis Richard Pryor Richard Pryor's classic 1979 concert film has him discussing a wide range of topics, including race, the police and his favorite target \u2013 himself. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Violin Player","tags":" Bauddhayan Mukherji Ritwick Chakraborty, Adil Hussain, Nayani Dixit, Sonam Stobgais An unemployed Bollywood session violinist in Mumbai finally lands a small gig, but it's what happens on his way home that proves truly transformative. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Beauties of the Night","tags":" Mar\u00eda Jose Cuevas Olga Breeskin, Lyn May, Rossy Mendoza, Wanda Seux, Princesa Yamal Back in the days of disco, Mexico had its own stars of the night. This documentary casts new light on former queens of the Mexican burlesque scene. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life","tags":"  Lauren Graham, Alexis Bledel, Kelly Bishop, Scott Patterson, Yanic Truesdale, Matt Czuchry, Liza Weil, Milo Ventimiglia, Sean Gunn, Keiko Agena, Rose Abdoo, Melissa McCarthy Set nearly a decade after the finale of the original series, this revival follows Lorelai, Rory and Emily Gilmore through four seasons of change. comedy,drama,showcomedy,drama,show"},{"title":"Michael Che Matters","tags":" Oz Rodriguez Michael Che \"SNL\" star Michael Che takes on hot-button topics like inequality, homophobia and gentrification in this stand-up set filmed live in Brooklyn. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mercy","tags":" Chris Sparling James Wolk, Caitlin Fitzgerald, Tom Lipinski, Dan Ziskie, Michael Godere, Michael Donovan, Dion Graham, Constance Barron Two brothers clash with their half-siblings when a visit home to see their dying mother surfaces old secrets and becomes a fight for survival. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Land of Cards","tags":" Qaushiq Mukherjee Joyraj Bhattacharya, Rii, Soumyak Kanti DeBiswas, Anubrata Basu, Tillotama Shome, Maya Tideman, Tinu Verghese, Immaduddin Shah, Sayani Gupta A royal prince arrives on an island of fascist rule and inspires a rebellion among its women in this hallucinogenic adaptation of a classic play. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Carlos Ballarta: El amor es de putos","tags":" Jan Suter, Ra\u00fal Campos Delgado Carlos Ballarta Carlos Ballarta mocks daily life in Mexico, including public transit, the education system and the corn seller who betrays your confidence. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Donald Glover: Weirdo","tags":" Shannon Hartman, Michelle Caputo Donald Glover Fearlessly funny stand-up comic and sitcom star Donald Glover puts on a live show in New York, confessing his love for Cocoa Puffs and Toys \"R\" Us. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Colin Quinn: The New York Story","tags":" Jerry Seinfeld Colin Quinn The \"SNL\" veteran performs his off-Broadway show about the history of New York and the people who shape its personality. Directed by Jerry Seinfeld. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Divines","tags":" Houda Benyamina D\u00e9borah Lukumuena, Jisca Kalvanda, K\u00e9vin Mischel, Majdouline Idrissi, Oulaya Amamra, Yasin Houicha A shrewd teenager and her wisecracking best friend plan to get rich or die trying by following in the footsteps of a flashy female drug dealer. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"La Ni\u00f1a","tags":"  Ana Mar\u00eda Estupi\u00f1\u00e1n, Sebastian Eslava, Juan Sebasti\u00e1n Arag\u00f3n, Diego V\u00e1squez, Carlos Velazquez, Marcela Benjumea, Melisa Caceres, Michelle Orozco, Alberto Carde\u00f1o, Constanza Camelo, Fernando Ar\u00e9valo A former Colombian guerrilla fighter faces challenges as she reintegrates into society and tries to overcome her traumatic memories. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Paranoid","tags":"  Indira Varma, Robert Glenister, Dino Fetscher, Neil Stuke, Christiane Paul, Lesley Sharp, Kevin Doyle When a woman is brutally murdered on a playground, a group of detectives find themselves drawn into a dark conspiracy as they search for the killer. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Dieter Nuhr: Nuhr in Berlin","tags":" Volker Weicker Dieter Nuhr The cerebral and popular German cabaret comic expounds his theories on gender norms, primal instincts and a decidedly gastrointestinal Big Bang. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mumbai Cha Raja","tags":" Manjeet Singh Rahul Bairagi, Arbaaz Khan, Tejas Parvatkar, Dhanshree Jain, Salman Khan, Aftab Khan This coming-of-age tale follows Rahul, a young boy growing up in a Mumbai slum whose alcoholic father abuses him and his mother. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"True Memoirs of an International Assassin","tags":" Jeff Wadlow Kevin James, Andy Garcia, Zulay Henao, Maurice Compte, Kelen Coleman, Andrew Howard, Rob Riggle, Leonard Earl Howze, Yul Vazquez, Kim Coates, Daniel Zacapa, Ron Rifkin, Jeff Chase After his publisher markets his crime novel as a memoir, a novice author finds himself forcibly recruited into a deadly political plot in Venezuela. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Einsatzgruppen: The Nazi Death Squads","tags":"  Paul Bandey This documentary series examines the Einsatzgruppen, Nazis responsible for the mass murder of Jews, Romani and Soviet prisoners in Eastern Europe. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Kathleen Madigan: Bothering Jesus","tags":" Lorene Machado Kathleen Madigan The Irish American comic riffs on everything from growing up in Missouri, signing up her parents to be Uber drivers and anything to do with bacon. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Case","tags":"  Steinunn \u00d3l\u00edna \u00deorsteinsd\u00f3ttir, Magn\u00fas J\u00f3nsson, \u00deorsteinn Bachmann, J\u00f3hanna Vigd\u00eds Arnard\u00f3ttir, Birna R\u00fan Eir\u00edksd\u00f3ttir, Elma Stefania Agustsdottir, Bergur \u00de\u00f3r Ing\u00f3lfsson, Halld\u00f3ra Geirhar\u00f0sd\u00f3ttir, Arnar J\u00f3nsson, Dav\u00ed\u00f0 Freyr \u00de\u00f3runnarson, Bj\u00f6rn Stef\u00e1nsson, N\u00edna D\u00f6gg Filippusd\u00f3ttir, Hjortur J\u00f3hann J\u00f3nsson A smart lawyer whose drinking and recklessness send him on a path of self-destruction finds new purpose investigating a teenager's apparent suicide. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Danger Mouse","tags":"  Alexander Armstrong, Kevin Eldon, Stephen Fry, Ed Gaughan, Shauna Macdonald, Dave Lamb, Morwenna Banks The world's greatest super-spy returns to save the world with the help of hapless hamster Penfold and a collection of state-of-the-art gadgetry. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Dana Carvey: Straight White Male, 60","tags":" Marcus Raboy Dana Carvey Emmy-winning comedian Dana Carvey blends pitch-perfect takes on big personalities with so-true-it-hurts stories from his life as a dad of millennials. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Ivory Game","tags":" Kief Davidson, Richard Ladkani  Filmmakers infiltrate the corrupt global network of ivory trafficking, exposing poachers and dealers as African elephants edge closer to extinction. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"A Grand Night In: The Story of Aardman","tags":" Richard Mears Julie Walters Aardman Animations icons Wallace & Gromit, Morph and more join fans and collaborators for a retrospective celebrating the studio's 40th anniversary. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Inborn Pair","tags":"  Annie Chen, Chris Wang, Hsieh Kun Da, Puff Kuo, Jennifer Hong Betrothed while in utero, a resort group president enters into an arranged marriage with a legal assistant. Despite their bickering, love blooms. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Just You","tags":"  Aaron Yan, Puff Kuo, Katherine Wang, Dean Fujioka, Lyla Lin, Lin Yu-pin When her uptight new boss and landlord starts a war on office romances, plucky Liang-liang quickly starts looking for ways to get him to lighten up. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Love Around","tags":"  George Hu, Annie Chen, Mandy Tao, Jack Lee, Tan Ai-Chen, Jian Chang, Wang Chuan After a chance meeting at a ballpark, the kind son of a former gangster tries to help an outgoing radio DJ get over her recent heartbreak. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Love Family","tags":"  Chris Wang, Serena Fang, Jack Lee, Amanda Chou, Yin Fu, Rabbit Yang, Meng-sheng Shen A wealthy heir's search for a nameless childhood sweetheart leads him to an inn run by a family with three sisters. But which one is his true love? foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Love Me or Leave Me","tags":"  Ann Hsu, Chris Wang, Alan Kuo, K'ang-i Lee, Albee Huang When a marriage-phobic woman hires a seductress to test how faithful her eager-to-wed boyfriend is, her plan takes an unexpected turn. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Love Now","tags":"  Annie Chen, George Hu, Bobby Dou, Vivi Lee, Harry Chang, Esther Yang, Mandy Wei When her loved ones cook up a morbid plan to make her take time off from work, Yang Yiru goes on a vacation, truly believing she has terminal cancer. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Norman Lear: Just Another Version of You","tags":" Heidi Ewing, Rachel Grady Norman Lear, George Clooney, Bill Moyers, John Amos, Russell Simmons, Louise Lasser, Rob Reiner, Jon Stewart, Amy Poehler This documentary turns the spotlight on the man behind the iconic \"All in the Family,\" with comments from friends, family and famous collaborators. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Spanish Affair 2","tags":" Emilio Mart\u00ednez L\u00e1zaro Dani Rovira, Clara Lago, Karra Elejalde, Carmen Machi, Bel\u00e9n Cuesta, Berto Romero, Rosa Mar\u00eda Sard\u00e0, Alfonso S\u00e1nchez, Alberto L\u00f3pez, Josep Maria Riera Spanish provincialism is put into the spotlight as a man from the Basque Country embarks on a mission to keep his daughter from marrying a Catalan. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Pup Star","tags":" Robert Vince Makenzie Moss, Jed Rees, David DeLuise, Carla Jimenez, Tom Everett Scott, Diedrich Bader, George Newbern, Bonnie Somerville, John Ratzenberger After a singing pup with big dreams of stardom gets dognapped and escapes with a friend's help, her journey home is a fun, music-filled adventure. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"I Am the Pretty Thing That Lives in the House","tags":" Osgood Perkins Ruth Wilson, Bob Balaban, Lucy Boynton, Paula Prentiss A nervous nurse who scares easily finds herself caring for an ailing horror novelist while living in a house with hidden secrets. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Into the Inferno","tags":" Werner Herzog Werner Herzog With stunning views of eruptions and lava flows, Werner Herzog captures the raw power of volcanoes and their ties to indigenous spiritual practices. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The African Doctor","tags":" Julien Rambaldi Marc Zinga, A\u00efssa Ma\u00efga, Bayron Lebli, M\u00e9dina Diarra, Rufus, Jonathan Lambert, Jean-Beno\u00eet Ugeux Happily escaping a dictatorship, a Congolese doctor transplants his family to a small French village, where culture shock sets in for everyone. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"They Are Everywhere","tags":" Yvan Attal Yvan Attal, Beno\u00eet Poelvoorde, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Val\u00e9rie Bonneton, Dany Boon, Gr\u00e9gory Gadebois, Denis Podalyd\u00e8s, Fran\u00e7ois Damiens, Yam\u00e9e Couture, Freya Mavor, Rivka Michaeli In counseling sessions with his therapist, preoccupied Yvan shares stories of anti-Semitism and what it's like to live as a Jew in modern France. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Trailer Park Boys: Out of the Park: Europe","tags":"  Mike Smith, John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells The Trailer Park Boys are thrilled to get a free trip to Europe, until they arrive and learn about their corporate sponsor's unusual requirements. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"West Coast","tags":" Benjamin Weill Devi Couzigou, Mathis Crusson, Victor Le Blond, Sullivan Loyez, Pierre-Fran\u00e7ois Martin-Laval, Hugo Chalan-Marchio Four small-town French teens who style themselves after American rappers set out to avenge a classroom insult and end up on a mind-blowing adventure. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"7 a\u00f1os","tags":" Roger Gual Paco Le\u00f3n, Juana Acosta, Juan Pablo Raba, Alex Brendem\u00fchl, Manuel Mor\u00f3n Loyalties are tested and cruelties revealed when four business partners spend a tense evening debating who will pay for the crime they committed. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Containment","tags":"  David Gyasi, Christina Marie Moses, Chris Wood, Kristen Gutoskie, Claudia Black, George Young, Hanna Mangan Lawrence, Trevor St. John When a ferocious contagion sweeps through Atlanta, authorities impose a precarious quarantine on the city while scrambling to find a cure. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Joe Rogan: Triggered","tags":" Anthony Giordano Joe Rogan Unleashing his inquisitive, intense comedic style, Rogan explores everything from raising kids and Santa Claus to pot gummies and talking to dolphins. comedycomedy"},{"title":"A Mighty Team","tags":" Thomas Sorriaux G\u00e9rard Depardieu, Chantal Lauby, Medi Sadoun, Ilian Bergala, Blanche Gardin, Patrick Timsit, Barbara Cabrita, Jean Dell, Thomas Vandenberghe, Th\u00e9o Fernandez, L\u00e9a Lopez When a fit of anger leads to a serious injury, a sidelined soccer star returns to his hometown and reluctantly agrees to train the local youth. comedy,foregin,sportscomedy,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Berserk: The Golden Age Arc I - The Egg of the King","tags":" Toshiyuki Kubooka Hiroaki Iwanaga, Takahiro Sakurai, Toa Yukinari, Yuki Kaji, Minako Kotobuki, Takahiro Fujiwara, Yoshiro Matsumoto, Kazuki Yao, Aki Toyosaki, Rikiya Koyama, Kenta Miyake Loner Guts is recruited by Griffith and his band of mercenaries, but their ensuing success as a full-fledged army could lead to a horrible fate. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Bleach The Movie: Fade to Black","tags":" Noriyuki Abe Masakazu Morita, Fumiko Orikasa, Aya Hirano, Hiroshi Kamiya, Mitsuaki Madono, Ryotaro Okiayu, Kentaro Ito, Shinichiro Miki, Satsuki Yukino, Masaaki Tsukada When his mind is fogged by a scimitar-weilding stranger, Mayuri destroys his laboratory, unleashing a cloud of reishi that lays waste to the Seiretei. action,anime,fantasyaction,anime,fantasy"},{"title":"Bleach the Movie: Hell Verse","tags":" Noriyuki Abe Masakazu Morita, Fumiko Orikasa, Kazuya Nakai, Noriaki Sugiyama, Kentar\u00f4 It\u00f4, Yuki Matsuoka, Ryotaro Okiayu, Romi Park When a group of vicious Sinners plots to escape from this eternal prison in Hell, they discover that Substitute Soul Reaper Ichigo is the key to their freedom. The Sinners launch an attack and in the process kidnap Ichigo's younger sister. action,anime,fantasyaction,anime,fantasy"},{"title":"Blind Date","tags":" Clovis Cornillac M\u00e9lanie Bernier, Clovis Cornillac, Lilou Fogli, Philippe Duquesne, Gr\u00e9goire Oestermann, Oscar Copp, Boris Terral, Manu Payet A passionate pianist and a soulful puzzle maker who treasures silence aren't the best neighbors, but things get interesting when they start to date. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"DEATH NOTE","tags":"  Kappei Yamaguchi, Alessandro Juliani, Mamoru Miyano, Brad Swaile, Ai Satou, Saffron Henderson, Akeno Watanabe, Lisa Ann Beley, Aya Hirano, Shannon Chan-Kent, Haruka Kudo, Kelly Metzger, Hideo Ishikawa, Brian Dobson, Hiroki Takahashi, Sam Vincent, Shido Nakamura, Brian Drummond, Naoya Uchida, Chris Britton When a Japanese high schooler comes into possession of a mystical notebook, he finds he has the power to kill anybody whose name he enters in it. anime,action,foreginanime,action,foregin"},{"title":"Spotless","tags":"  Marc-Andr\u00e9 Grondin, Denis M\u00e9nochet, Miranda Raison, Doug Allen, Liam Garrigan, Ciar\u00e1n Owens, Kate Magowan, Tanya Fear, Naomi Radcliffe, Lucy Akhurst, Jemma Donovan, Niall Hayes, Brendan Coyle The law-abiding owner of a crime scene cleaning service is forced into business with a powerful mob boss thanks to his irresponsible older brother. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Vampire Knight","tags":"  Daisuke Kishio, Ezra Weisz, Mamoru Miyano, Vic Mignogna, Yui Horie, Mela Lee, Risa Mizuno, Stephanie Sheh, Junichi Suwabe, Troy Baker, Jun Fukuyama, Bryce Papenbrook, Mai Nakahara, Laura Bailey, Soichiro Hoshi, Steve Staley, Susumu Chiba, Spike Spencer, Hiroki Yasumoto, Travis Willingham, Fumiko Orikasa, Wendee Lee At Cross Academy, two student disciplinary committee members are tasked with keeping the peace between a human class and a night class of vampires. anime,foregin,romanceanime,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sky Ladder: The Art of Cai Guo-Qiang","tags":" Kevin MacDonald Cai Guo-Qiang Known for his spectacular pyrotechnic displays, Chinese artist Cai Guo-Qiang creates his most ambitious project yet in this breathtaking documentary. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Mascots","tags":" Christopher Guest Carrie Aizley, Sarah Baker, Bob Balaban, Ed Begley Jr., Tom Bennett, Maria Blasucci, Jennifer Coolidge, Kerry Godliman, Matt Griesser, Christopher Guest, John Michael Higgins, Michael Hitchcock, Don Lake, Jane Lynch, Christopher Moynihan, Chris O'Dowd, Jim Piddock, Parker Posey, Harry Shearer, Fred Willard, Zach Woods, Susan Yeagley Eager contestants don big heads and furry suits to vie for the title of World's Best Mascot in this offbeat, comic romp from Christopher Guest. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Justin Timberlake + the Tennessee Kids","tags":" Jonathan Demme Justin Timberlake On the final nights of a world tour, director Jonathan Demme captures what makes the show soar: gifted musicians, deft dancers and a magnetic star. musicmusic"},{"title":"13TH","tags":" Ava DuVernay  In this thought-provoking documentary, scholars, activists and politicians analyze the criminalization of African Americans and the U.S. prison boom. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Russell Peters: Almost Famous","tags":" Dave Higby Russell Peters The comic comes home to Toronto to sound off on cultural quirks, kids' furniture and bathroom visits, reveling in all things ridiculously human. comedycomedy"},{"title":"StoryBots Super Songs","tags":"  Judy Greer, Jeff Gill, Erin Fitzgerald, Fred Tatasciore, Gregg Spiridellis Characters from the popular StoryBots apps for early childhood education give musical lessons on math, science, history, behaviors, emotions and more. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Siege of Jadotville","tags":" Richie Smyth Jamie Dornan, Guillaume Canet, Emmanuelle Seigner, Jason O'Mara, Mikael Persbrandt, Mark Strong, Michael McElhatton, Danny Sapani, Sam Keeley, Ronan Raftery, Mike Noble, Charlie Kelly, Conor MacNeill, Fionn O'Shea, Conor Quinlan, Jordan Mifsud Besieged by overwhelming enemy forces, Irish soldiers on a U.N. peacekeeping mission in Africa valiantly defend their outpost in this true story. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"LEGO Jurassic World: The Indominus Escape","tags":" Michael D. Black A.J. LoCascio, Sendhil Ramamurthy, Fred Tatasciore, Jake Johnson, Lauren Lapkus, Zachary Levi, BD Wong, David Gunning The scientists of Jurassic World create a captivating and terrifying new creature that loves hot dogs. But what happens when the hot dogs run out? family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Be with Me","tags":"  Jason Tsou, Queen Wei, River Huang, Fabien Yang, Tang Chen-Kang, Figaro Tseng They were the boy band to beat until fame tore them apart. Ten years later, five friends and an ex-love reunite and find themselves closer than ever. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Be with You","tags":"  Bobby Dou, Peijia Huang, Nylon Chen, Vivi Lee, Edison Wang, Serena Fang After reconnecting with their girlhood crushes, two sisters find their lives turned upside down by surprising revelations and romantic intrigue. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Bombshell","tags":" Riccardo Pilizzeri Ande Cunningham, Mark Mitchinson, Mia Pistorius, Nathalie Boltt, Nathan Lovejoy, Colin Moy, Jay Simon, Coen Falke, Greta Gregory, Byron Coll In 1985, when a vessel protesting nuclear testing is sunk in New Zealand, local police fight to prove it was a terrorist plot by their French allies. dramadrama"},{"title":"Chat\u00f4: The King of Brazil","tags":" Guilherme Fontes Marco Ricca, Andrea Beltr\u00e3o, Let\u00edcia Sabatella, Leandra Leal, Gabriel Braga Nunes, Paulo Betti, Marcos Oliveira, Eliane Giardini The romanticized life of media mogul Assis Chateaubriand depicts him as the star of a televised trial, where his passions and achievements are judged. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Fall in Love with Me","tags":"  Aaron Yan, Tia Lee, Jack Lee, Katherine Wang, Beatrice Fang, Vince Kao, Chen Bor Jeng The head of a struggling ad agency finds herself torn between a hotshot executive and a kind stranger \u2013 not realizing they're the same person. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Harud","tags":" Aamir Bashir Mohammad Amir Naji, Shahnawaz Bhat, Shamim Basharat, Salma Ashai, Mudessir Ahmed Khan, Rayes Mohiuddin A young Kashmiri man sets out to escape to Pakistan and make sense of his brother's death, but he drifts aimlessly until finding his brother's camera. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Love Cheque Charge","tags":"  George Hu, Phoebe Yuan, Hsieh Kun Da, Jay Shih, Smile Weng, Jet Chao, Jessie Chang Three years after making a wild promise to a woman in distress, a rigid businessman runs into her again and must decide whether to honor his word. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Masha's Spooky Stories","tags":"   Masha explains why there's no need to be scared of things like monsters, the dark, going to a new school, thunder and other common childhood fears. familyfamily"},{"title":"Much Ado About Nothing","tags":" Alejandro Fern\u00e1ndez Almendras Agust\u00edn Silva, Paulina Garc\u00eda, Daniel Alca\u00edno, Alejandro Goic, Luis Gnecco, Samuel Landea, Dindi Jane, Isabella Costa, Augusto Schuster, Pilar Ronderos Carefree college student Vicente ends up in a desperate fight for freedom when a well-connected friend falsely accuses him of a hit-and-run accident. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Murphy's Law of Love","tags":"  Danson Tang, Chia-ying Lee, Jolin Chien, Jenna Wang, Meng-sheng Shen, Wen-lin Fang, Wei Lin, Phoebe Huang An online matchmaker who's convinced she's living under a curse finds her theories on life and love tested when she meets a shrewd divorce expert. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"My Big Night","tags":" \u00c1lex de la Iglesia Raphael, Mario Casas, Pep\u00f3n Nieto, Blanca Su\u00e1rez, Hugo Silva, Carmen Machi, Luis Callejo, Carlos Areces, Enrique Vill\u00e9n, Santiago Segura, Jaime Ordo\u00f1ez, Tom\u00e1s Pozzi, Carolina Bang, Ana Polvorosa, Luis Fern\u00e1ndez An unemployed man gets a job as an extra at the shooting of a New Year's Eve TV special that's beset by crises and seems to go on forever. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Legend of Everfree","tags":" Ishi Rudell Tara Strong, Rebecca Shoichet, Ashleigh Ball, Andrea Libman, Tabitha St. Germain, Cathy Weseluck, Enid-Raye Adams, Brian Doe, Nicole Oliver The Equestria Girls, human teen counterparts to My Little Pony characters, head to Camp Everfree, where they need a little magic to help save summer. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Old Money","tags":" David Schalko Udo Kier, Sunnyi Melles, Nicholas Ofczarek, Manuel Rubey, Nora von Waldst\u00e4tten, Thomas Stipsits, Ursula Strauss, Robert Palfrader, Simon Schwarz, Johannes Krisch, Lukas Miko Backstabbing, blackmail and revenge consume the dysfunctional family of a wealthy patriarch as they compete to find him a new liver at all costs. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Riphagen - The Untouchable","tags":" Pieter Kuijpers Jeroen van Koningsbrugge, Anna Raadsveld, Sigrid ten Napel, Peter Blok, Bob Stoop, Lisa Zweerman, Kay Greidanus, Ren\u00e9 Kortekaas, Sieger Sloot, Mark Rietman This biopic profiles Andries Riphagen, a Dutch criminal who blackmailed Jews in hiding during World War II and was responsible for hundreds of deaths. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Someone Like You","tags":"  Kingone Wang, Lorene Ren, Sean Lee, Nita Lei, William Liao After losing his sight and his fiancee in an accident, a man hires a caregiver who mysteriously sounds \u2013 and looks \u2013 just like his late girlfriend. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Umrika","tags":" Prashant Nair Suraj Sharma, Tony Revolori, Smita Tambe, Adil Hussain, Rajesh Tailang, Prateik Babbar, Pramod Pathak, Amit Sial, Sauraseni Maitra An ambitious man leaves his small Indian village for America. But when his letters to home stop coming, his brother sets out on his own adventure. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Unchained: The Untold Story of Freestyle Motocross","tags":" Paul Taublieb, Jon Freeman Josh Brolin This adrenaline-rush documentary traces the rise of freestyle motocross, arguably the world's most extreme sport, and spotlights its pioneers. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Welcome Mr. President","tags":" Riccardo Milani Claudio Bisio, Kasia Smutniak, Beppe Fiorello, Remo Girone, Massimo Popolizio, Cesare Bocci, Omero Antonutti, Michele Alhaique, Franco Ravera, Patrizio Rispo, Piera Degli Esposti, Gianni Cavina When frustrated politicians name a historical figure as the next president, an honest, humble man by the same name suddenly becomes Italy's leader. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"When I See You Again","tags":"  Jasper Liu, Mandy Wei, Jet Chao, Ivy Shao, Tina Chou, Kao Meng-Chieh On a visit to his hometown, a rich bachelor seeks revenge on the woman who broke his heart 10 years ago. But his plan doesn't go as expected. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Amanda Knox","tags":" Rod Blackhurst, Brian McGinn  She was twice convicted and acquitted of murder. Amanda Knox and the people closest to her case speak out in this illuminating documentary. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Audrie & Daisy","tags":" Bonni Cohen, Jon Shenk  In this wrenching documentary, two teens are sexually assaulted by boys they considered friends, humiliated online and harassed by their communities. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Iliza Shlesinger: Confirmed Kills","tags":" Bobcat Goldthwait Iliza Shlesinger The stand-up sensation tackles TV's \"Shark Tank,\" what it means to be a woman and how to deal with the lawless party goblin that lives in us all. comedycomedy"},{"title":"VeggieTales in the House","tags":"  Phil Vischer, Mike Nawrocki, Rob Paulsen, Tress MacNeille Bob the Tomato, Larry the Cucumber and their Veggie pals venture beyond the kitchen counter in these playful adventures with Christian themes. familyfamily"},{"title":"ARQ","tags":" Tony Elliott Robbie Amell, Rachael Taylor, Shaun Benson, Gray Powell, Jacob Neayem, Adam Butcher, Tantoo Cardinal Trapped in a lab and stuck in a time loop, a disoriented couple fends off masked raiders while harboring a new energy source that could save humanity. foregin,fantasy,suspenseforegin,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Cedric the Entertainer: Live from the Ville","tags":" Troy Miller Cedric the Entertainer Donning his signature suit and fedora, the dapper comic offers a unique spin on getting old, the presidential election and \"Honky Tonk Badonkadonk.\" comedycomedy"},{"title":"The White Helmets","tags":" Orlando von Einsiedel  As daily airstrikes pound civilian targets in Syria, a group of indomitable first responders risk their lives to rescue victims from the rubble. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Sample This","tags":" Dan Forrer Gene Simmons This doc traces the impact of the Incredible Bongo Band's \"Apache,\" which played a key role in the birth of hip-hop after Kool Herc began sampling it. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Extremis","tags":" Dan Krauss  Witness the wrenching emotions that accompany end-of-life decisions as doctors, patients and families in a hospital ICU face harrowing choices. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Jandino: Whatever it Takes","tags":"  Jandino Asporaat Jandino Asporaat riffs on the challenges of raising kids and serenades the audience with a rousing rendition of \"Sex on Fire\" in his comedy show. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kulipari: An Army of Frogs","tags":"  Mark Hamill, Keith David, Wendie Malick, Josh Keaton, Mikey Kelley, Phil LaMarr, Laraine Newman, Jess Harnell, Charles Adler, Amy Margolis, Cree Summer, Lacey Chabert, Rolonda Watts, Kevin Michael Richardson, Candi Milo In a tale of bravery and heroism, fearless frogs go to war against the sinister scorpions and spiders that have teamed up to conquer the amphibians. familyfamily"},{"title":"Conspiracy","tags":"  Mark Bazeley Skeptics and others discuss widely held conspiracy theories involving aliens, government cover-ups, secret assassinations and other intrigues. foregin,documentalforegin,documental"},{"title":"Dead Set","tags":"  Jaime Winstone, Andy Nyman, Kevin Eldon, Davina McCall, Warren Brown, Riz Ahmed, Beth Cordingly, Kathleen McDermott, Raj Ghatak While the housemates in the Big Brother house remain oblivious, fast-moving hordes of the undead decimate the studio compound. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Forensic Files","tags":"  Peter Thomas Detectives and crime lab technicians use the latest and most fascinating procedures to solve crimes in this documentary-style show. action,documental,documentalaction,documental,documental"},{"title":"Saudi Arabia Uncovered","tags":"   Undercover cameras expose public floggings, executions and other brutality in Saudi Arabia, and introduce those risking their own lives for change. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Fierce Wife","tags":"  Sonia Sui, James Wen, Amanda Chu, Chris Wang, Karen Ying-Chen Hu, Patrick Lee, Janel Tsai, Li-li Pan, Fu Lei Beautiful housewife Xie An Zhen seems to be living the perfect life but finds her world crumbling after learning that her husband is cheating on her. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Witches: A Century of Murder","tags":"  Suzannah Lipscomb Historian Suzannah Lipscomb investigates the witch hunts that plagued Britain in the 17th century, examining common myths about their origin. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"Glitter Force","tags":"  Laura Bailey, Kate Higgins, Alex Cazares, Colleen O'Shaughnessey, Danielle Nicole, Debi Derryberry, Mary Elizabeth McGlynn, Patrick Seitz, Keith Silverstein Five preteen girls learn they're a legendary superhero squad known as the Glitter Force. Their mission? To defend Earth from evil fairy-tale villains. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Jeff Foxworthy and Larry the Cable Guy: We\u2019ve Been Thinking...","tags":" Jay Karas Jeff Foxworthy, Larry the Cable Guy Grammy-nominated comedians Jeff Foxworthy and Larry the Cable Guy bring their distinctive brand of humor to a packed crowd in Minneapolis. comedycomedy"},{"title":"XOXO","tags":" Christopher Louie Sarah Hyland, Graham Phillips, Chris D'Elia, Hayley Kiyoko, Brett DelBuono, Ryan Hansen, Ian Anthony Dale, Ione Skye, Colin Woodell, LaMonica Garrett, Brianne Howey The lives of a budding DJ, his loyal pal, a hopeless romantic, a jaded has-been and a troubled couple intersect at an electronic dance music festival. drama,musicdrama,music"},{"title":"I'll Sleep When I'm Dead","tags":" Justin Krook Steve Aoki Superstar DJ Steve Aoki reflects on the driving force behind his career: his ambitious father, Benihana founder and perennial daredevil Rocky Aoki. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Behind Enemy Lines","tags":"   After dire setbacks in 1940, Winston Churchill commissions a new kind of fighting force: commandos trained to use stealth and audacious tactics. foregin,documentalforegin,documental"},{"title":"Caught on Camera","tags":"  Nick Wallis Nick Wallis presents crimes caught on CCTV, cell phones and other devices and reveals how investigators use the recordings to solve tough cases. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"Real Crime: Supermarket Heist (Tesco Bomber)","tags":"   In 2000, U.K. detectives spent months tracking a criminal known only as Sally, who was targeting a supermarket chain with extortion and letter bombs. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Jim Gaffigan: Beyond the Pale","tags":" Michael Drumm Jim Gaffigan Comedian Jim Gaffigan cuts loose on a variety of topics, including Hot Pockets, holidays, Catholicism and his favorite activity: doing nothing. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Jim Gaffigan: King Baby","tags":" Troy Miller Jim Gaffigan Jim Gaffigan offers up his take on bacon, bowling and other weighty topics in this stand-up performance filmed live in Austin on his 2008 comedy tour. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Jim Gaffigan: Mr. Universe","tags":" Jay Karas Jim Gaffigan Funnyman Jim Gaffigan offers up his unique take on everything from Disney World to overweight whales in this live show from Washington, D.C. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Jim Gaffigan: Obsessed","tags":" Jay Chapman Jim Gaffigan Comic Jim Gaffigan delivers his sardonic take on topics like eating, exercise, weddings and his five kids in this live stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"David Cross: Making America Great Again!","tags":" Alex Coletti David Cross Cross skewers Donald Trump, religious taboos and American swagger in a provocative night of comedy at the Paramount Theatre in Austin, Texas. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Lavell Crawford: Can a Brother Get Some Love?","tags":" Michael Drumm Lavell Crawford \"Last Comic Standing\" runner-up Lavell Crawford lords over a hometown crowd at St. Louis's Orpheum Theatre, raking in the love \u2013 and the laughs. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Children of God","tags":" John Smithson  A former member examines the lingering effects of being raised in the Family, a cult whose disturbing practices include the sexual abuse of children. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Cocaine","tags":"   Three films chronicle the cocaine trade's sweeping impact on the citizens of Peru, Brazil and Colombia, from poor farmers to powerful drug lords. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"Edge of the Universe","tags":"   Leading astronomers reveal the latest discoveries about death-trap planets, asteroids, comets and other wonders of the cosmos. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Interview with a Serial Killer","tags":" Christopher Martin Arthur Shawcross In this jailhouse interview, Arthur Shawcross, the Genesee River Killer, shares candid details of his crimes and his surprising family bonds. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"La Esclava Blanca","tags":"  Nerea Camacho, Ori\u00e1n Su\u00e1rez, Miguel de Miguel, Modesto Lacen, Norma Mart\u00ednez, Ricardo Vesga, Vi\u00f1a Machado, Andr\u00e9s Su\u00e1rez, Natasha Klauss, Miroslava Morales In Colombia in 1821, a white orphan is taken in by black slaves. Years after being torn from them, she returns to find her family and childhood love. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Real Crime: Diamond Geezers","tags":" Tom Whitter Forbes KB In an attempted heist worthy of a Hollywood film, a cadre of criminals sets out to steal the world's largest perfect diamond from a London landmark. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"LEGO Bionicle: The Journey to One","tags":"  Nolan Balzer, Paolo Bryant, Jacqui Fox, Quinn Greene, Geoff Hughes, Cory Hunter, William Jordan, Corny Rempel, Michael Strickland Six legendary heroes find themselves on an epic quest as they harness the power of nature's elements to defeat the forces of evil. familyfamily"},{"title":"Tallulah","tags":" Sian Heder Ellen Page, Allison Janney, Tammy Blanchard, Evan Jonigkeit, Uzo Aduba, John Benjamin Hickey, David Zayas, Zachary Quinto, Fredric Lehne While searching for her ex-boyfriend, a young drifter impulsively kidnaps a baby from a neglectful mother and pretends the child is her own. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Popples","tags":"  Erin Fitzgerald, Wendee Lee, Cassandra Morris, Cindy Robinson, Reba Buhr, Ben Diskin, Ezra Weisz, Karen Strassman The adorable Best Popple Pals love helping their friends and neighbors, but every time they do it seems to backfire in hilarious ways. familyfamily"},{"title":"Rebirth","tags":" Karl Mueller Fran Kranz, Adam Goldberg, Nicky Whelan, Luis Gerardo M\u00e9ndez, Harry Hamlin, Pat Healy, Kat Foster, Andrew J. West, Eric Ladin, Steve Agee Long-lost buddy Zack gets suburban dad Kyle on a bus to a Rebirth seminar, sending him down a rabbit hole of psychodrama, seduction and violence. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Tony Robbins: I Am Not Your Guru","tags":" Joe Berlinger Tony Robbins Tony Robbins' clients swear by his unorthodox life coaching methods. A revealing film goes behind the curtain at his annual mega-event. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Gridlocked","tags":" Allan Ungar Dominic Purcell, Cody Hackman, Stephen Lang, Trish Stratus, Danny Glover, Vinnie Jones, Saul Rubinek, Richard Gunn, Steve Byers, James A. Woods An embittered cop is tasked with baby-sitting a spoiled actor, but the two must learn to fight together when they run afoul of a group of mercenaries. actionaction"},{"title":"Brahman Naman","tags":" Qaushiq Mukherjee Shashank Arora, Tanmay Dhanania, Chaitanya Varad, Vaishwath Shankar, Sindhu Sreenivasa Murthy, Sid Mallya, Denzil Smith This homage to 1980s teen sex comedies follows a college quiz bowl champion who knows almost everything \u2013 except how to talk to women. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Kuromukuro","tags":" Tensai Okamura Yohei Azakami, M\u30fbA\u30fbO, Reina Ueda, Asami Seto, Kaito Ishikawa, Yusuke Kobayashi, Shunsuke Takeuchi, Manami Sugihira, Momo Asakura, Kanako Tojo, Ryohei Kimura, Hikaru Ueda, Taiten Kusunoki When mecha attack a research center, its students, pilots, and researchers must fight back with the help of mysterious artifacts and a young samurai. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Jim Jefferies: Freedumb","tags":" Ryan Polito Jim Jefferies Returning for a second Netflix comedy special, Jim Jefferies unleashes his famously ferocious black humor to a packed house in Nashville, Tennessee. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Marco Polo","tags":"  Lorenzo Richelmy, Benedict Wong, Chin Han, Joan Chen, Michelle Yeoh, Rick Yune, Claudia Kim, Remy Hii, Zhu Zhu, Tom Wu, Mahesh Jadu, Olivia Cheng, Uli Latukefu, Pierfrancesco Favino, Jacqueline Chan, Leonard Wu, Gabriel Byrne Set in a world of greed, betrayal, sexual intrigue and rivalry, \u201cMarco Polo\u201d is based on the famed explorer\u2019s adventures in Kublai Khan\u2019s court. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"X: Past Is Present","tags":" Hemant Gaba, Pratim D. Gupta, Sudhish Kamath, Nalan Kumarasamy, Anu Menon, Sandeep Mohan, Qaushiq Mukherjee, Rajshree Ojha, Raja Sen, Abhinav Shiv Tiwari, Suparn Verma Anshuman Jha, Rajat Kapoor, Pooja Ruparel, Piaa Bajpai, Huma Qureshi, Usha Uthup, Radhika Apte, Swara Bhaskar When a middle-aged filmmaker meets an alluring stranger at a party, he's haunted by troubling memories of his past relationships. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Sof\u00eda Ni\u00f1o de Rivera: Exposed","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Sof\u00eda Ni\u00f1o de Rivera Self-deprecating comic Sof\u00eda Ni\u00f1o de Rivera puts her sarcasm on full display in this stand-up special filmed live at Guadalajara's Degollado Theater. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Fundamentals of Caring","tags":" Rob Burnett Paul Rudd, Craig Roberts, Selena Gomez, Jennifer Ehle, Megan Ferguson, Frederick Weller, Bobby Cannavale In this inspirational buddy comedy, a young shut-in and his caregiver take a road trip in search of landmarks, but end up finding hope and friendship. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ip Man 3","tags":" Wilson Yip Donnie Yen, Zhang Jin, Lynn Hung, Patrick Tam, Karena Ng, Kent Cheng, Bryan Leung, Louis Cheung, Danny Chan, Mike Tyson, Babyjohn Choi Martial arts master Ip springs into action when his son's school is threatened by a shady American, then defends his status as wing chun champion. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bo Burnham: Make Happy","tags":" Bo Burnham, Christopher Storer Bo Burnham Combining his trademark wit and self-deprecating humor with original music, Bo Burnham offers up his unique twist on life in this stand-up special. music,comedymusic,comedy"},{"title":"Hibana: Spark","tags":"  Kento Hayashi, Kazuki Namioka, Mugi Kadowaki, Masao Yoshii, Hideaki Murata, Nahana, Sayaka Yamamoto, Shota Sometani, Tomorowo Taguchi, Kaoru Kobayashi A dramatic series about friendship and conflict between two comedians who search for meaning in life and comedy. Based on the prize-winning book. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"72 Cutest Animals","tags":"   This series examines the nature of cuteness and how adorability helps some animal species to survive and thrive in a variety of environments. documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"72 Dangerous Places to Live","tags":"  Mitch Ryan Get up close and personal with avalanches, fiery volcanoes and other natural cataclysms, and learn why some choose to live in their destructive paths. documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"The Do-Over","tags":" Steven Brill Adam Sandler, David Spade, Paula Patton, Kathryn Hahn, Nick Swardson, Catherine Bell, Michael Chiklis, Natasha Leggero, Sean Astin The life of a bank manager is turned upside down when a friend from his past manipulates him into faking his own death and taking off on an adventure. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Ali Wong: Baby Cobra","tags":" Jay Karas Ali Wong Ali Wong's stand up special delves into her sexual adventures, hoarding, the rocky road to pregnancy, and why feminism is terrible. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Special Correspondents","tags":" Ricky Gervais Eric Bana, Ricky Gervais, Vera Farmiga, Kelly Macdonald, Kevin Pollak, America Ferrera, Ra\u00fal Castillo, Benjamin Bratt When they lose their passports, a bickering radio team invents phony reports from a combat zone in a ruse that becomes increasingly complicated. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Team Foxcatcher","tags":" Jon Greenhalgh  With never-before seen home video, this film recounts the paranoid downward spiral of John E. du Pont and the murder of Olympic wrestler Dave Schultz. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Patton Oswalt: Talking for Clapping","tags":"  Patton Oswalt On stage in San Francisco, the comedian covers topics like old people getting drugs, his worst stand-up set, gay proms and a horrible birthday clown. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Belgica","tags":" Felix Van Groeningen, Felix van Groeningen Stef Aerts, Tom Vermeir, Charlotte Vandermeersch, H\u00e9l\u00e8ne Devos, Boris Van Severen, Sara De Bosschere, Dominique Van Malder, Sam Louwyck, Stefaan De Winter, Silvanus Saow Two brothers become partners in a modest nightclub and turn it into the hottest spot in town, but their exhilarating run of success comes at a price. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Hush","tags":" Mike Flanagan John Gallagher Jr., Kate Siegel, Michael Trucco, Samantha Sloyan, Emma Graves A deaf writer who retreated into the woods to live a solitary life must fight for her life in silence when a masked killer appears in her window. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Cyborg 009 VS Devilman","tags":"  Jun Fukuyama, Shintaro Asanuma, Haruka Shiraishi, Tomoaki Maeno, M\u30fbA\u30fbO, Hiroki Touchi, Takeshi Koyama, Yu Mizushima, Hozumi Goda, Ayumu Okamura, Saori Hayami, Satoshi Hino, Johnny Yong Bosch, Bryce Papenbrook, Christine Marie Cabanos, Spike Spencer, Stephanie Sheh, Michael Sinterniklaas, Keith Silverstein, Joey Lotsko, Tony Azzolino, Steve Staley, Cristina Vee, Christopher Corey Smith When a Black Ghost scientist releases newly modified cyborgs and mysterious demons appear in Tokyo, the worlds of \"Devilman\" and \"Cyborg 009\" meet. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Frank and Cindy","tags":" G.J. Echternkamp  Frank was a rising pop star when he married Cindy, but decades of dashed dreams and alcoholism have left the pair struggling to find happiness. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Justin Time","tags":"  Gage Munroe, Scott McCord, Jenna Warren In Justin's dreams, he and his imaginary friends Olive and Squidgy travel around the world learning about nature and other cultures. familyfamily"},{"title":"Terrace House: Boys & Girls in the City","tags":"  You, Reina Triendl, Ryota Yamasato, Yoshimi Tokui, Azusa Babazono, Ayumu Mochizuki, Kentaro A new set of six men and women start their lives together under one roof. All they get is a fabulous home and a car. As always, there is no script. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Scroll","tags":" Rodolphe Guenoden Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman, Seth Rogen, David Cross, Lucy Liu, Tara Macri, James Hong, Randall Duk Kim When a twist of fate brings five unlikely animals together, they find that combining their unique kung fu styles as a team makes the perfect weapon! family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"He Never Died","tags":" Jason Krawczyk Henry Rollins, Booboo Stewart, Kate Greenhouse, Jordan Todosey, David Richmond-Peck, James Cade, Don Francks, Steven Ogg A reclusive immortal who needs human flesh but tries to stay clean finds himself cast back into society by a gang of thugs and his estranged daughter. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"Jimmy Carr: Funny Business","tags":" Sam Wrench Jimmy Carr British comedian Jimmy Carr unleashes his deadpan delivery and wickedly funny one-liners to a sold-out audience at the UK's Hammersmith Apollo. comedycomedy"},{"title":"My Beautiful Broken Brain","tags":" Sophie Robinson, Lotje Sodderland Sophie Robinson, Lotje Sodderland After suffering a stroke at age 34, a woman documents her struggles, setbacks and eventual breakthrough as she relearns to speak, read and write. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Pee-wee's Big Holiday","tags":" John Lee Paul Reubens, Joe Manganiello, Jessica Pohly, Alia Shawkat, Stephanie Beatriz, Brad William Henke, Hal Landon Jr., Diane Salinger, Patrick Egan, Tara Buck, Richard Riehle A chance encounter with a mysterious stranger (Joe Manganiello) points Pee-wee toward his destiny \u2013 and his first-ever holiday! family,comedy,classicfamily,comedy,classic"},{"title":"Netflix Presents: The Characters","tags":"  Lauren Lapkus, John Early, Henry Zebrowski, Kate Berlant, Natasha Rothwell, Paul W. Downs, Tim Robinson, Dr. Brown We asked eight up-and-coming comedians for their wildest sketch and improv routines \u2013 and got a new comedy series unlike anything else. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Your lie in April","tags":"  Natsuki Hanae, Risa Taneda, Ayane Sakura, Ryota Osaka, Saori Hayami, Yuki Kaji After his mother's death, a piano prodigy's will to play disappears. But meeting a free-spirited girl who plays the violin turns his life around. anime,foregin,romanceanime,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: Sword of Destiny","tags":" Yuen Wo-Ping Michelle Yeoh, Donnie Yen, Harry Shum Jr., Natasha Liu Bordizzo, Jason Scott Lee, Eugenia Yuan, Roger Yuan, Juju Chan, Chris Pang, Woon Young Park, Darryl Quon Renowned warrior Yu Shu-Lien comes out of retirement to keep the legendary Green Destiny sword away from villainous warlord Hades Dai. action,romanceaction,romance"},{"title":"Marvel Super Hero Adventures: Frost Fight!","tags":" Mitch Schauer Mick Wingert, Matthew Mercer, Travis Willingham, Fred Tatasciore, Grey DeLisle, Troy Baker, Antony Del Rio, Trevor Devall, Kevin Michael Richardson, Steve Blum, Jane Singer In this Christmas-themed special, Captain America and the Avengers battle Loki and Ymir, who plot to steal Santa Claus' powers and conquer the world. family,fantasyfamily,fantasy"},{"title":"Cooked","tags":"  Michael Pollan As he tries his hand at baking, brewing and braising, acclaimed food writer Michael Pollan explores how cooking transforms food and shapes our world. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Care Bears & Cousins","tags":"  Michael Sinterniklaas, Michaela Dean, Doug Erholtz, Braeden Fox, Olivia Hack, David Lodge, Nayo Wallace, Ryan Wiesbrock The whole huggable gang is back, bringing tales of caring and sharing to a new generation. And now the Care Bear Cousins are here to join the fun! familyfamily"},{"title":"Hannibal Buress: Comedy Camisado","tags":" Lance Bangs Hannibal Buress In a special packed with stealthy humor, Hannibal Buress tackles zipper etiquette, the legacy of steroids and the fallout from his Bill Cosby routine. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Turbo FAST","tags":"  Reid Scott, John Eric Bentley, Amir Talai, Phil LaMarr, Grey DeLisle, Michael Patrick Bell, Eric Bauza Join Turbo and his posse, the Fast Action Stunt Team. Filled with comedy, action and fun, this series amps it up to the extreme. familyfamily"},{"title":"Chelsea Does","tags":"  Chelsea Handler In a provocative documentary series, comedian Chelsea Handler confronts personal and cultural hang-ups around four topics that fascinate her. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Ricardo O'Farrill Abrazo Genial","tags":" Ra\u00fal Campos, Jan Suter Ricardo O'Farrill Ricardo O'Farrill brings his sharp, observational humor to the stage with a relentless sarcasm and specific Mexican sensibility. Prepare for mockery. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ip Man","tags":" Wilson Yip Donnie Yen, Simon Yam, Louis Fan, Lam Ka Tung, Xing Yu, Wong You-nam, Chen Zhi Hui, Lynn Hung, Hiroyuki Ikeuchi An occupying Japanese general challenges Chinese men to duels to prove the superiority of the Japanese, but Ip Man refuses to fight \u2013 at first. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ip Man 2","tags":" Wilson Yip Donnie Yen, Sammo Kam-Bo Hung, Huang Xiaoming, Simon Yam, Lynn Hung, Kanin Ngo, Kent Cheng, Darren Shahlavi, Louis Fan, Calvin Ka-Sing Cheng New in Hong Kong, martial arts instructor Ip Man perseveres and retaliates against his rivals' opposition to the Wing Chun fighting style he teaches. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Tom Segura: Mostly Stories","tags":" Jay Karas Tom Segura The bearded, bawdy and comically bitter Tom Segura gets real about body piercings, the \"Area 51\" of men's bodies, and the lie he told Mike Tyson. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Sammy & Co","tags":"   In an underwater village bordering a tropical island, two young turtles and their pals keep their home safe and enjoy adventures in the big, wild sea. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Mike Epps: Don't Take It Personal","tags":" L. Frazier Mike Epps Mike Epps tears up the stage at L.A.'s historic Orpheum Theatre in a special packed with blistering impressions and unapologetically raunchy swagger. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Ridiculous 6","tags":" Frank Coraci Adam Sandler, Terry Crews, Jorge Garcia, Taylor Lautner, Rob Schneider, Luke Wilson, Will Forte, Steve Zahn, Harvey Keitel, Nick Nolte, Jon Lovitz, Whitney Cummings, David Spade, Danny Trejo, Nick Swardson, Blake Shelton, Vanilla Ice, Julia Jones, Saginaw Grant, Lavell Crawford, Steve Buscemi When his outlaw dad is kidnapped, Tommy \u201cWhite Knife\u201d Stockburn sets off across the West on a rescue mission with five brothers he never knew he had. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Trailer Park Boys: Drunk, High and Unemployed: Live in Austin","tags":" Gary Howsam, Mike Smith, John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells Mike Smith, John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells, John Dunsworth, Pat Roach, Tom Green, Verne Troyer, Jonathan Torrens Ricky, Julian and Bubbles bring their trailer park humor out onto the stage for a night of bravado, schemes and an intoxicated acting demo. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"A Very Murray Christmas","tags":" Sofia Coppola Bill Murray, Miley Cyrus, George Clooney, Chris Rock, Amy Poehler, Michael Cera, Maya Rudolph, Rashida Jones, Jason Schwartzman, Paul Shaffer, Jenny Lewis, Phoenix Bill Murray rounds up an all-star cast for an evening of music, mischief and barroom camaraderie in this irreverent twist on holiday variety shows. comedy,musiccomedy,music"},{"title":"Atelier","tags":"  Mirei Kiritani, Mao Daichi, Wakana Sakai, Masako Chiba, Maiko, Ken Kaito, Dori Sakurada, Nicole Ishida, Mayuko Kawakita A young \"fabric geek\" lands a job at an upscale Japanese lingerie company \u2013 and quickly discovers she'll need help to survive. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List","tags":" Kristin Hanggi Victoria Justice, Pierson Fode, Matthew Daddario, Ryan Ward, Griffin Newman, Monique Coleman, Danny Flaherty Naomi and her gay best friend, Ely, have been inseparable since childhood, but their bond faces its biggest test yet when they fall for the same guy. comedy,drama,lgbtcomedy,drama,lgbt"},{"title":"John Mulaney: The Comeback Kid","tags":" Rhys Thomas John Mulaney Armed with boyish charm and a sharp wit, the former \"SNL\" writer offers sly takes on marriage, his beef with babies and the time he met Bill Clinton. comedycomedy"},{"title":"W\/ Bob & David","tags":"  David Cross, Bob Odenkirk, John Ennis, Jay Johnston, Brian Posehn, Jill Talley, Paul F. Tompkins, Tom Kenny, Brett Paesel After being dishonorably discharged from the Navy Seals, Bob and David are back serving our country the way they do best \u2013 making sketch comedy. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Manson Family Vacation","tags":" J. Davis Jay Duplass, Linas Phillips, Leonora Pitts, Adam Chernick, Davie-Blue, Suzanne Ford, Tobin Bell The pleasant family life of an L.A. attorney is disrupted by the sudden arrival of his brother, who is obsessed with the Charles Manson murders. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Walt Disney Animation Studios Short Films Collection","tags":" Chris Buck, Jennifer Lee, Patrick Osborne, Lauren MacMullan, John Kahrs, Nathan Greno, Byron Howard, Stevie Wermers, Dean Wellins, Kevin Deters, Roger Allers, Mike Gabriel, Mark Henn Kristen Bell, Josh Gad, Jonathan Groff, Idina Menzel, Geoffrey Jones, Alfre Woodard, Carrie Harrington, Tim Hodge, David Murray, Sarah Chalke, Dave Foley, Derek Richardson, Betty White, Zachary Levi, Mandy Moore This collection of 12 short films from Disney includes \"Frozen Fever,\" the Mickey Mouse short \"Get a Horse!\" and Oscar winners \"Paperman\" and \"Feast.\" familyfamily"},{"title":"Hemlock Grove","tags":" Eli Roth Famke Janssen, Landon Liboiron, Dougray Scott, Bill Skarsg\u00e5rd, Joel de la Fuente, Kaniehtiio Horn, Madeleine Martin, Michael Andreae, Penelope Mitchell, Freya Tingley, Laurie Fortier, Nicole Boivin, Ted Dykstra, Lili Taylor, Aaron Douglas, Kandyse McClure, Marty Adams, Demore Barnes, Madeline Brewer Secrets are just a part of daily life in the small Pennsylvania town of Hemlock Grove, where the darkest evils hide in plain sight. suspense,suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Results","tags":" Andrew Bujalski Guy Pearce, Cobie Smulders, Kevin Corrigan, Giovanni Ribisi, Anthony Michael Hall, Brooklyn Decker, Constance Zimmer, Tishuan Scott After an ugly divorce, a wealthy but unhappy man trains at a local gym and develops a strange relationship with the owner and a captivating trainer. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Anthony Jeselnik: Thoughts and Prayers","tags":" Adam Dubin Anthony Jeselnik There's no subject too dark as the comedian skewers taboos and riffs on national tragedies before pulling back the curtain on his provocative style. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Beasts of No Nation","tags":" Cary Joji Fukunaga Idris Elba, Abraham Attah, Kurt Egyiawan, Jude Akuwudike, Emmanuel \"King Kong\" Nii Adom Quaye, Ama K. Abebrese, Kobina Amissah Sam, Francis Weddey, Richard Pepple When civil war tears his family apart, a young West African boy is forced to join a unit of mercenary fighters and transform into a child soldier. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Circle","tags":" Aaron Hann, Mario Miscione Julie Benz, Mercy Malick, Carter Jenkins, Molly Jackson, Michael Nardelli, Sara Sanderson, Kevin Sheridan, Cesar Garcia, Lisa Pelikan, Zachary James Rukavina, Lawrence Kao, Jordi Vilasuso, Kaiwi Lyman-Mersereau, Michael McLafferty, Allegra Masters, Autumn Federici, John Edward Lee, Matt Corboy When a group of strangers is seized and awaits execution, they face the impossible task of choosing the one person among them worthy of being spared. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Winter on Fire: Ukraine's Fight for Freedom","tags":" Evgeny Afineevsky  Over 93 days in Ukraine, what started as peaceful student demonstrations became a violent revolution and full-fledged civil rights movement. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Anjelah Johnson: Not Fancy","tags":" Jay Karas Anjelah Johnson-Reyes The actress, comedian and YouTube sensation riffs on everything from nail salons and Gypsies to Mexican moms and super-sleuthing Liam Neeson. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Keith Richards: Under the Influence","tags":" Morgan Neville Keith Richards In a documentary with unparalleled access, discover the people and sounds that inspired rock 'n' roll legend Keith Richards from childhood to today. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Cowspiracy: The Sustainability Secret","tags":" Kip Andersen, Keegan Kuhn Kip Andersen Learn how factory farming is decimating the planet's natural resources \u2013 and why this crisis has been largely ignored by major environmental groups. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"6 Years","tags":" Hannah Fidell Taissa Farmiga, Ben Rosenfield, Lindsay Burdge, Joshua Leonard, Jennifer Lafleur, Peter Vack, Dana Wheeler-Nicholson, Jason Newman, Molly McMichael As a volatile young couple who have been together for six years approach college graduation, unexpected career opportunities threaten their future. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Demetri Martin: Live (At the Time)","tags":" Jay Karas Demetri Martin Demetri Martin brings his off-kilter take on acoustic guitar, hairless cats, color schemes, and the word \"nope\" to Washington in his original special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Wet Hot American Summer","tags":"  Elizabeth Banks, Lake Bell, H. Jon Benjamin, Michael Ian Black, Michael Cera, Josh Charles, Bradley Cooper, Judah Friedlander, Janeane Garofalo, Jon Hamm, Nina Hellman, Joe Lo Truglio, Ken Marino, Christopher Meloni, A.D. Miles, Marguerite Moreau, Zak Orth, Jordan Peele, David Hyde Pierce, Chris Pine, Amy Poehler, Paul Rudd, Marisa Ryan, Jason Schwartzman, Molly Shannon, Michael Showalter, John Slattery, Kevin Sussman, David Wain, Kristen Wiig It's the first day of camp in this outrageous prequel to the hilarious 2001 cult classic movie. And at Camp Firewood, anything can happen. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Tig","tags":" Kristina Goolsby, Ashley York Tig Notaro Comedian Tig Notaro announced her cancer diagnosis at what became a legendary stand-up set in 2012. Follow her search for humor amid devastating news. documental,comedydocumental,comedy"},{"title":"H2O: Mermaid Adventures","tags":"  Sonja Ball, Holly Gauthier-Frankel, Thor Bishopric, Angela Galuppo Three high school friends who turn into mermaids whenever they touch water have undersea adventures while keeping their new life a secret. familyfamily"},{"title":"Creep","tags":" Patrick Brice Mark Duplass, Patrick Brice When a cash-strapped videographer takes a job in a remote mountain town, he finds that the client has some unsettling ideas in mind. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Chris Tucker Live","tags":" Phil Joanou Chris Tucker Filmed in his hometown of Atlanta, Chris Tucker showcases his stand-up comedic chops as he shares his experiences from childhood to the big time. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ralphie May: Imperfectly Yours","tags":" Anthony Pierce Ralphie May Comedian Ralphie May takes to the Las Vegas stage with his raw, rollicking take on men's fashion, racism, sex and even waffles. Filmed live in 2013. comedycomedy"},{"title":"What Happened, Miss Simone?","tags":" Liz Garbus  Using never-before-heard recordings, rare archival footage and her best-known songs, this is the story of legendary singer and activist Nina Simone. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Advantageous","tags":" Jennifer Phang Jacqueline Kim, James Urbaniak, Freya Adams, Ken Jeong, Jennifer Ehle, Samantha Kim, Troi Zee, Olivia Horton, Jennifer Ikeda, Mercedes Griffeth In order to keep her job at a biomedical engineering firm that prizes youth, a middle-aged woman must submit to a drastic experimental procedure. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Danger Mouse: Classic Collection","tags":"  David Jason, Terry Scott, Edward Kelsey, Brian Trueman Follow the adventures of superspy Danger Mouse and his bumbling sidekick, Penfold, as they jet around the world foiling their enemies' evil plots. foregin,family,comedyforegin,family,comedy"},{"title":"The Perfect Dictatorship","tags":" Luis Estrada Dami\u00e1n Alc\u00e1zar, Alfonso Herrera, Joaqu\u00edn Cosio, Osvaldo Benavides, Silvia Navarro, Flavio Medina, Sa\u00fal Lisazo, Tony Dalton After accepting a colossal bribe, a powerful TV conglomerate gins up fake news stories to enhance the image of a notoriously corrupt politician. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Hot Girls Wanted","tags":" Jill Bauer, Ronna Gradus  This 2015 Sundance Film Festival breakout documentary from producer Rashida Jones spotlights the \"amateur\" porn industry and the women it exploits. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Jen Kirkman: I'm Gonna Die Alone (And I Feel Fine)","tags":" Lance Bangs Jen Kirkman Jen Kirkman delivers some sharp, hilarious truths about divorce, kids, sex and turning 40 in this Netflix original comedy special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Other One: The Long Strange Trip of Bob Weir","tags":" Mike Fleiss Bob Weir This chronicle of Bob Weir highlights his brotherhood with Jerry Garcia and his success as a member of one of the world's most influential bands. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Chris D'Elia: Incorrigible","tags":" Bill D'Elia Chris D'Elia Stand-up comedian Chris D'Elia covers everything from how to improve the NFL to why dating is evil and that babies should grow up before they're born. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Oscar's Oasis","tags":"   Plucky lizard Oscar spends his time trying to avoid the hazards of the desert, including marauding chickens and bumbling adversaries. familyfamily"},{"title":"Aziz Ansari Live at Madison Square Garden","tags":" Aziz Ansari Aziz Ansari Stand-up comedian and TV star Aziz Ansari (\"Parks and Recreation\") delivers his sharp-witted take on immigrants, relationships and the food industry. comedycomedy"},{"title":"My Own Man","tags":" David Sampliner David Sampliner When a man discovers he will be the father to a boy, his fear and insecurities send him on an emotional, humorous quest for his own manhood. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Ralphie May: Unruly","tags":" John Asher Ralphie May Filmed in front of a raucous crowd, comedian Ralphie May unleashes his hilariously raunchy perspective in his first Netflix original stand-up special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Virunga: Gorillas in Peril","tags":"   The team behind the searing documentary reveals what inspired them to tell the story of Virunga and the lethal fight to save the gorillas' sanctuary. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Bill Burr: I'm Sorry You Feel That Way","tags":" Jay Karas Bill Burr Bill Burr escapes the zombie apocalypse, explores how rom-coms ruin great sex and explains how too many childhood hugs may be the downfall of man. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Lilyhammer","tags":"  Steven Van Zandt, Trond Fausa, Steinar Sagen, Robert Skj\u00e6rstad, Tommy Karlsen, Fridtjov S\u00e5heim, Marian Saastad Ottesen After testifying against the Mafia, ex-gangster Frank Tagliano enters witness protection and asks to be sent to Norway. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Goosebumps","tags":"  R.L. Stine R.L. Stine's tales take on a life of their own in a series that combines original stories with adaptations drawn from the popular books. family,suspensefamily,suspense"},{"title":"Chelsea Peretti: One of the Greats","tags":" Lance Bangs Chelsea Peretti \"Brooklyn Nine-Nine\" star Chelsea Peretti showcases her diverse talents in this dark yet silly reimagining of the comedy special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Virunga","tags":" Orlando von Einsiedel  The Oscar-nominated true story of the rangers risking their lives to save Africa's most precious national park and its endangered gorillas. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"E-Team","tags":" Katy Chevigny, Ross Kauffman  The courageous investigators of Human Rights Watch's Emergencies Team risk their lives to document unlawful attacks on civilians by brutal dictators. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Wyatt Cenac: Brooklyn","tags":" Wyatt Cenac Wyatt Cenac Wyatt Cenac heads to Brooklyn to share his observations on the borough that's the backdrop for three sitcoms and a reality show about cheesemongers. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Chelsea Handler: Uganda Be Kidding Me Live","tags":" James Yukich Chelsea Handler In her first Netflix stand-up comedy special, Chelsea Handler recounts her African adventures (and provides hilarious photographic evidence). comedycomedy"},{"title":"Print the Legend","tags":" Luis Lopez, Clay Tweel  This award-winning, original documentary chronicles the race for market leadership in 3D printing, the next wave of technological evolution. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Mission Blue","tags":" Robert Nixon, Fisher Stevens James Cameron, Michael deGruy, Sylvia Earle, Bryce Groark, Jeremy Jackson, Carl Safina This documentary follows oceanographer Sylvia Earle's campaign to save the world's oceans from threats such as overfishing and toxic waste. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Battered Bastards of Baseball","tags":" Chapman Way, Maclain Way Todd Field, Kurt Russell The colorful true story of the Portland Mavericks, a scrappy, independent baseball team of underdogs started by actor Bing Russell in the 1970s. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"From One Second to the Next","tags":" Werner Herzog  Werner Herzog chronicles the devastating consequences of texting and driving. The film examines how lives can be forever altered by a trivial text. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Borgias","tags":"  Jeremy Irons, Fran\u00e7ois Arnaud, Holliday Grainger, Peter Sullivan, Sean Harris, Joanne Whalley, Lotte Verbeek, Colm Feore, Vernon Dobtcheff, David Oakes Follow the lives of the notorious Borgia family, a clan headed by plotting patriarch Rodrigo and his beautiful but treacherous daughter, Lucrezia. dramadrama"},{"title":"Mitt","tags":" Greg Whiteley Mitt Romney The real Mitt Romney is revealed in this documentary that goes beyond the sound bites with unprecedented access to his 2012 presidential campaign. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Square","tags":" Jehane Noujaim Ahmed Hassan, Khalid Abdalla, Magdy Ashour, Ramy Essam, Bothaina Kamel, Dina Abdullah, Aida Elkashef, Ragia Omran, Pierre Seyoufr, Dina Amer, Sherif Boray, Khaled Nagy, Salma Saied, Ahmed Saleh, Alaa Seif This Emmy-winning, street-level view of the 2011 Egyptian Revolution captures the astonishing uprising that led to the collapse of two governments. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Shrek the Musical","tags":" Jason Moore Brian d'Arcy James, Daniel Breaker, Sutton Foster, Christopher Sieber, John Tartaglia, Rozi Baker, Ryan Duncan, Leah Greenhaus, Chris Hoch, Marissa O'Donnell, Denny Paschall The greatest fairy tale never told comes to life in this colorful, song-filled, Tony Award-winning Broadway production based on the hit movie. family,comedy,musicfamily,comedy,music"},{"title":"The Short Game","tags":" Josh Greenbaum Sky Sudberry, Allan Kournikova, Jed Dy, Zamokuhle Nxasana, Alexa Pano, Amari Avery, Augustin Valery, Kuang Yang, Jack Nicklaus, Gary Player They are fiercely competitive athletes, determined to become champions on one of the world's toughest golf courses. And they're still in grade school. family,documental,sportsfamily,documental,sports"},{"title":"Aziz Ansari: Buried Alive","tags":" Will Lovelace, Dylan Southern Aziz Ansari \"Parks and Recreation\" star Aziz Ansari takes the stage to share his unfiltered views on adulthood, babies, marriage, love and more in the modern era. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The 4400","tags":"  Joel Gretsch, Jacqueline McKenzie, Patrick John Flueger, Conchita Campbell, Chad Faust, Richard Kahan, Mahershala Ali, Billy Campbell 4400 people who vanished over the course of five decades suddenly reappear. None have aged, and slowly it's revealed that they have mysterious powers. drama,suspense,fantasydrama,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Breaking Bad","tags":"  Bryan Cranston, Aaron Paul, Anna Gunn, Dean Norris, Betsy Brandt, R.J. Mitte, Bob Odenkirk, Steven Michael Quezada, Jonathan Banks, Giancarlo Esposito A high school chemistry teacher dying of cancer teams with a former student to secure his family's future by manufacturing and selling crystal meth. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Being Elmo: A Puppeteer's Journey","tags":" Constance Marks Kevin Clash, Whoopi Goldberg Whoopi Goldberg narrates Elmo creator Kevin Clash's remarkable journey from a working-class Baltimore neighborhood to Jim Henson's \"Sesame Street.\" documentaldocumental"},{"title":"A Stoning in Fulham County","tags":" Larry Elikann Ken Olin, Jill Eikenberry, Maureen Mueller, Gregg Henry, Nicholas Pryor, Noble Willingham, Peter Michael Goetz, Ron Perlman, Theodore Bikel, Olivia Burnette, Bill Allen, Brad Pitt After reckless teens kill an Amish child, a prosecutor attempts to bring the youths to justice despite the condemnation he faces from the community. dramadrama"},{"title":"Adam: His Song Continues","tags":" Robert Markowitz Daniel J. Travanti, JoBeth Williams, Richard Masur, Martha Scott, Paul Regina After their child was abducted and murdered, John and Reve Walsh fought to raise national awareness of the problem of missing children. dramadrama"},{"title":"Hard Lessons","tags":" Eric Laneuville Denzel Washington, Lynn Whitfield, Richard Masur, Akosua Busia This drama based on real-life events tells the story of George McKenna, the tough, determined new principal of a notorious Los Angeles high school. dramadrama"},{"title":"In Defense of a Married Man","tags":" Joel Oliansky Judith Light, Michael Ontkean, Jerry Orbach, Pat Corley, Nicholas Campbell, John Colicos, Cynthia Sikes, Johnny Galecki A lawyer's husband is having an affair. When his mistress is found dead, he becomes the prime suspect \u2013 and his wife must take charge of his defense. dramadrama"},{"title":"Quiet Victory: The Charlie Wedemeyer Story","tags":" Roy Campanella II Pam Dawber, Michael Nouri, Bess Meyer, Peter Berg, James Handy, Kyle Chandler When high school football coach Charlie Wedemeyer is diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease, he perseveres in leading his team despite becoming disabled. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Strange Voices","tags":" Arthur Allan Seidelman Nancy McKeon, Valerie Harper, Stephen Macht, Tricia Leigh Fisher, Millie Perkins When their college-age daughter suddenly begins acting erratically and is diagnosed with schizophrenia, a desperate couple seeks treatment for her. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Ryan White Story","tags":" John Herzfeld Judith Light, Lukas Haas, Michael Bowen, Nikki Cox, George Dzundza, Valerie Landsburg, Sarah Jessica Parker, Mitchell Ryan After contracting HIV from a tainted blood treatment, teenaged hemophiliac Ryan White is forced to fight for his right to attend public school. dramadrama"},{"title":"Too Young the Hero","tags":" Buzz Kulik Ricky Schroder, Jon DeVries, Debra Mooney, Mary-Louise Parker, Christopher Curry, Rick Warner, Tom Wood Twelve-year-old Calvin manages to join the navy and serves in the battle of Guadalcanal. But when his age is revealed, the boy is sent to the brig. dramadrama"},{"title":"Triumph of the Heart","tags":" Richard Michaels Mario Van Peebles, Susan Ruttan, Lane R. Davis, Lynn Whitfield, Adam Faraizl, Polly Holliday, Jay Pennison, John Schuhmacher This drama tells the tale of Ricky Bell, a pro running back with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers who died of a muscle disease in the prime of his career. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Unspeakable Acts","tags":" Linda Otto Jill Clayburgh, Brad Davis, Sam Behrens Laurie and Joseph are doctors who interview sexually abused children. With a lot of energy they track down a pedophile who has abused many toddlers. dramadrama"},{"title":"Victim of Beauty","tags":" Roger Young William Devane, Jeri Ryan, Michele Abrams, Nick Searcy, Linda Pierce, J. Don Ferguson, Butch Slade, Joyce Bowden-Kirby A beauty pageant winner is stalked by a serial killer who kidnaps her sister and torments her family in this thriller based on a shocking true story. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Joseph: King of Dreams","tags":" Rob LaDuca, Robert C. Ramirez Ben Affleck, Mark Hamill, Richard Herd, Maureen McGovern, Jodi Benson, Judith Light, James Eckhouse, Richard McGonagle, David Campbell, Steven Weber, Dan Castellaneta, Rene Auberjonois, Ken Hudson Campbell, Tom Virtue, Jeff Bennett With his gift of dream interpretation and his brilliantly colored coat, Joseph inspires jealousy in his brothers in this animated Bible story. family,drama,religionfamily,drama,religion"},{"title":"Even the Rain","tags":" Ic\u00edar Bolla\u00edn Luis Tosar, Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal, Juan Carlos Aduviri, Karra Elejalde, Ra\u00fal Ar\u00e9valo, Carlos Santos, Cassandra Ciangherotti, Milena Soliz, Le\u00f3nidas Chiri, Vicente Romero, Daniel Curr\u00e1s, Pau C\u00f3lera While making a film about the incursion of Christopher Columbus in the New World, a director finds the Bolivian locals protesting modern exploitation. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Splatter","tags":" Joe Dante Corey Feldman, Tony Todd, Tara Leigh, Erin Way, Mark Alan, Stuart Pankin After committing suicide, a washed-up rocker returns from the grave to torment the five people who betrayed him in life. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Just Another Love Story","tags":" Ole Bornedal Anders W. Berthelsen, Rebecka Hemse, Nikolaj Lie Kaas, Charlotte Fich, Dejan Cukic, Karsten Jansfort, Flemming Enevold, Bent Mejding, Ewa Fr\u00f6ling, Josephine Raahauge, Timm Vladimir, Ditte Hansen When he causes a car accident that leaves a young woman with amnesia, a man finds himself telling incredible lies to make her and her family happy. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"To and From New York","tags":" Sorin Dan Mihalcescu Barbara King, Shaana Diya, John Krisiukenas, Yoriko Haraguchi, David Crane, Chad Thomas While covering a story in New York City, a Seattle-based reporter uncovers a link between two missing women that changes her article entirely. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"9","tags":" Shane Acker Elijah Wood, John C. Reilly, Jennifer Connelly, Christopher Plummer, Crispin Glover, Martin Landau, Fred Tatasciore, Alan Oppenheimer, Tom Kane In a postapocalyptic world, rag-doll robots hide in fear from dangerous machines out to exterminate them, until a brave newcomer joins the group. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"21","tags":" Robert Luketic Jim Sturgess, Kevin Spacey, Kate Bosworth, Aaron Yoo, Liza Lapira, Jacob Pitts, Laurence Fishburne, Jack McGee, Josh Gad, Sam Golzari, Helen Carey, Jack Gilpin A brilliant group of students become card-counting experts with the intent of swindling millions out of Las Vegas casinos by playing blackjack. dramadrama"},{"title":"187","tags":" Kevin Reynolds Samuel L. Jackson, John Heard, Kelly Rowan, Clifton Collins Jr., Tony Plana After one of his high school students attacks him, dedicated teacher Trevor Garfield grows weary of the gang warfare in the New York City school system and moves to California to teach there, thinking it must be a less hostile environment. dramadrama"},{"title":"706","tags":" Shravan Kumar Divya Dutta, Atul Kulkarni, Mohan Agashe, Anupam Shyam, Raayo S. Bakhirta, Yashvit Sancheti, Greeva Kansara, Archan Trivedi, Rajiv Pathak When a doctor goes missing, his psychiatrist wife treats the bizarre medical condition of a psychic patient, who knows much more than he's leading on. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"1920","tags":" Vikram Bhatt Rajneesh Duggal, Adah Sharma, Indraneil Sengupta, Anjori Alagh, Rajendranath Zutshi, Vipin Sharma, Amin Hajee, Shri Vallabh Vyas An architect and his wife move into a castle that is slated to become a luxury hotel. But something inside is determined to stop the renovation. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Oct-01","tags":" Kunle Afolayan Sadiq Daba, David Bailie, Kayode Olaiya, Kehinde Bankole, Fabian Adeoye Lojede, Nick Rhys, Kunle Afolayan, Colin David Reese, Ibrahim Shatta, Femi Adebayo, Kanayo O. Kanayo, Lawrence Stubbings, Ademola Adedoyin Against the backdrop of Nigeria's looming independence from Britain, detective Danladi Waziri races to capture a killer terrorizing local women. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"22-Jul","tags":" Paul Greengrass Anders Danielsen Lie, Jon \u00d8igarden, Jonas Strand Gravli, Ola G. Furuseth, Maria Bock, Thorbj\u00f8rn Harr, Jaden Smith After devastating terror attacks in Norway, a young survivor, grieving families and the country rally for justice and healing. Based on a true story. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"15-Aug","tags":" Swapnaneel Jayakar Rahul Pethe, Mrunmayee Deshpande, Adinath Kothare, Vaibhav Mangale, Jaywant Wadkar, Satish Pulekar, Naina Apte, Uday Tikekar On India's Independence Day, a zany mishap in a Mumbai chawl disrupts a young love story while compelling the residents to unite in aid of a little boy. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"'89","tags":"  Lee Dixon, Ian Wright, Paul Merson Mixing old footage with interviews, this is the story of Arsenal's improbable win versus Liverpool in the final moments of the 1989 championship game. sportssports"},{"title":"\u200bGoli Soda 2","tags":" Vijay Milton Samuthirakani, Bharath Seeni, Vinoth, Esakki Barath, Chemban Vinod Jose, Gautham Menon, Krisha Kurup, Subiksha A taxi driver, a gangster and an athlete struggle to better their lives despite obstacles like crooked politicians, evil dons and caste barriers. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"\u200bMaj Rati \u200b\u200bKeteki","tags":" Santwana Bardoloi Adil Hussain, Shakil Imtiaz, Mahendra Rabha, Sulakshana Baruah, Rahul Gautam Sarma, Kulada Bhattacharjya, Indu Mohan Das, Moumita Talukdar A successful writer returns to the town that launched his career, encountering people who spark nostalgic, often painfully illuminating flashbacks. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"\u200bMayurakshi","tags":" Atanu Ghosh Soumitra Chatterjee, Prasenjit Chatterjee, Indrani Haldar, Sudipta Chakraborty, Suman Banerjee, Gargi Roychowdhury When a middle-aged divorcee returns to Kolkata to visit his ailing father, long-buried memories resurface, bringing new discoveries with them. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"(T)ERROR","tags":" Lyric R. Cabral, David Felix Sutcliffe  This real-life look at FBI counterterrorism operations features access to both sides of a sting: the government informant and the radicalized target. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"#cats_the_mewvie","tags":" Michael Margolis  This pawesome documentary explores how our feline friends became online icons, from the earliest text memes to the rise of celebrity cat influencers. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"#Roxy","tags":" Michael Kennedy Jake Short, Sarah Fisher, Booboo Stewart, Danny Trejo, Pippa Mackie, Jake Smith, Patricia Zentilli, Carter Thicke A teenage hacker with a huge nose helps a cool kid woo a girl that he\u2019s secretly in love with. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"\u00c9g man \u00feig","tags":" \u00d3skar Th\u00f3r Axelsson J\u00f3hannes Haukur J\u00f3hannesson, \u00c1g\u00fasta Eva Erlendsd\u00f3ttir, Elma Stefania Agustsdottir, Thor Kristjansson, Anna Gunnd\u00eds Gu\u00f0mundsd\u00f3ttir, Sara D\u00f6gg \u00c1sgeirsd\u00f3ttir, \u00der\u00f6stur Le\u00f3 Gunnarsson, J\u00f3hann Sigur\u00f0arson, Sveinn Geirsson, Arnar P\u00e1ll Har\u00f0arson Young urbanites renovating a rundown house, and a psychiatrist grieving his son's disappearance, are connected to a supernatural, decades-old secret. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"\u00c7ok Filim Hareketler Bunlar","tags":" Ozan A\u00e7\u0131ktan Ay\u00e7a Erturan, Aydan Ta\u015f, Ay\u015feg\u00fcl Akdemir, Burcu G\u00f6nder, B\u00fclent Emrah Parlak, B\u00fc\u015fra Pekin, Emre Canpolat, Ersin Korkut, Eser Yenenler, Gizem Tu\u011fral, G\u00fclhan Tekin, G\u00fcls\u00fcm Alkan, Hamdi Kahraman, \u0130brahim B\u00fcy\u00fckak, Metin Ke\u00e7eci Vignettes of the summer holidays follow vacationers as they battle mosquitoes, suffer ruined plans and otherwise hit snags in their precious time off. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"\u00c6on Flux","tags":" Karyn Kusama Charlize Theron, Marton Csokas, Jonny Lee Miller, Sophie Okonedo, Frances McDormand, Pete Postlethwaite, Amelia Warner, Caroline Chikezie, Nikolai Kinski, Paterson Joseph, Yangzom Brauen Aiming to hasten an uprising, the leader of an underground rebellion dispatches acrobatic assassin Aeon Flux to eliminate the government's top leader. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"\u015eubat","tags":"  Alican Y\u00fccesoy, Melisa S\u00f6zen, Musa Uzunlar, Serkan Ercan, \u00d6zkan U\u011fur, \u00dclk\u00fc Duru, Tansu Bi\u00e7er, Nadir Sar\u0131bacak, Sermet Ye\u015fil, Ayhan Kavas An orphan subjected to tests that gave him superpowers is rescued and raised on Istanbul's streets, where he falls for a reporter linked to his past. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"1 Chance 2 Dance","tags":" Adam Deyoe Lexi Giovagnoli, Justin Ray, Rae Latt, Poonam Basu, Teresa Biter, Kalilah Harris, Alexia Dox, Adam Powell, Sean McBride When an aspiring dancer is uprooted during her senior year of high school, she finds herself torn between two boys \u2013 and with one shot at her dream. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"1 Mile to You","tags":" Leif Tilden Billy Crudup, Graham Rogers, Liana Liberato, Stefanie Scott, Tim Roth, Melanie Lynskey, Thomas Cocquerel, Peter Coyote After escaping the bus accident that killed his girlfriend, a high school student channels his grief into running, with the help of a new coach. drama,romance,sportsdrama,romance,sports"},{"title":"10,000 B.C.","tags":" Roland Emmerich Steven Strait, Camilla Belle, Cliff Curtis, Joel Virgel, Affif Ben Badra, Mo Zinal, Nathanael Baring, Mona Hammond, Omar Sharif Fierce mammoth hunter D'Leh sets out on an impossible journey to rescue the woman he loves from a vicious warlord and save the people of his village. actionaction"},{"title":"100 Days Of Solitude","tags":"   Spanish photographer Jos\u00e9 D\u00edaz spends 100 days living alone on a remote mountain, connecting to nature and documenting the beauty of his surroundings. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"100 Years: One Woman's Fight for Justice","tags":" Melinda Janko  This documentary chronicles Elouise Cobell's long fight against the U.S. government for the gross mismanagement of mineral-rich Native American land. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"100% Hotter","tags":"  Daniel Palmer, Melissa Sophia, Karen Williams, Grace Woodward A stylist, a hair designer and a makeup artist team up to give Britain's biggest fashion disasters some much-needed makeunders. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"12 ROUND GUN","tags":" Sam Upton Sam Upton, Jared Abrahamson, Mark Boone Junior, Laila Ali, Kate Vernon, Cassi Thomson, Colby French, Miguel Perez, Jay Acovone Dealing with personal demons and the death of his son, a prizefighter attempts a return to the ring by challenging his rival to a 12-round rematch. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"12 Years Promise","tags":"  So-yeon Lee, Namkoong Min, Tae-im Lee, So-hui Yoon, Won-keun Lee, Hyo-young Ryu A pregnant teen is forced by her family to leave her boyfriend and assume a new identity in America, but 12 years later, the couple reunites in Korea. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"13 Cameras","tags":" Victor Zarcoff PJ McCabe, Brianne Moncrief, Sarah Baldwin, Jim Cummings, Heidi Niedermeyer, Neville Archambault Young parents-to-be Claire and Ryan move into a suburban rental home, unaware that someone is secretly watching their every move via hidden cameras. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"13 Sins","tags":" Daniel Stamm Mark Webber, Rutina Wesley, Devon Graye, Tom Bower, Ron Perlman, Pruitt Taylor Vince A man agrees to appear on a game show with a $6 million prize. But as the challenges become more extreme, he realizes he's made a grave mistake. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"14 Blades","tags":" Daniel Lee Donnie Yen, Zhao Wei, Wu Chun, Law Kar-Ying, Kate Tsui, Yuwu Qi, Wu Ma, Chen Kuan Tai, Sammo Kam-Bo Hung, Chen Zhi Hui, Damian Lau, Xiang Dong Xu In the age of the Ming Dynasty, Quinglong is the best of the Jinyiwei, an elite assassin squad made up of highly trained former street urchins. When evil eunuch Jia unseats the emperor, Quinglong is called to action but is quickly betrayed. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"14 Cameras","tags":" Scott Hussion, Seth Fuller Neville Archambault, Amber Midthunder, Brytnee Ratledge, Hank Rogerson, Chelsea Edmundson, John-Paul Howard, Lora Martinez-Cunningham, Brianne Moncrief Upping the \u201c13 Cameras\u201d ante, this sequel finds a family renting a vacation house that\u2019s been customized to violate their privacy. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"16 Blocks","tags":" Richard Donner Bruce Willis, Mos Def, David Morse, Jenna Stern, Cylk Cozart, Casey Sander, David Zayas, Robert Racki, Patrick Garrow, Sasha Roiz Tasked with escorting a prosecution witness to court, an aging cop gears up for the 16-block trek \u2013 but they'll be lucky to make it there alive. actionaction"},{"title":"17 Again","tags":" Burr Steers Zac Efron, Leslie Mann, Matthew Perry, Thomas Lennon, Michelle Trachtenberg, Melora Hardin, Sterling Knight, Hunter Parrish, Nicole Sullivan, Allison Miller Nearing a midlife crisis, thirty-something Mike wishes for a \"do-over\" \u2013 and that's exactly what he gets when he wakes up to find he's 17 again. comedycomedy"},{"title":"1BR","tags":" David Marmor Nicole Brydon Bloom, Giles Matthey, Taylor Nichols, Alan Blumenfeld, Celeste Sully, Susan Davis, Clayton Hoff, Earnestine Phillips Seeking her independence, a young woman moves to Los Angeles and settles into a cozy apartment complex with a disturbing sense of community. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"1st Summoning","tags":" Raymond Wood Hayley Lovitt, Teddy Cole, Brook Todd, Ace Harney, Jason Macdonald Student filmmakers uncover occult rituals tied to an abandoned warehouse, then gradually realize the horror is closer than they think. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"20 Feet From Stardom","tags":" Morgan Neville Darlene Love, Merry Clayton, Lisa Fischer, T\u00e1ta Vega, Claudia Lennear, Judith Hill, Bruce Springsteen, Mick Jagger, Stevie Wonder, Sting, Bette Midler, Cissy Houston, Sheryl Crow, Tata Vega Winner of the 2014 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature, this film takes a look at the world of backup vocalists and the legends they support. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"2015 Dream Concert","tags":"  4Minute, B1A4, BtoB, ELSIE, EXID, EXO, Got7, INFINITE, KARA, Shinee, Sistar, VIXX, Nine Muses, BTS, Secret, Topp Dogg The world's biggest K-pop festival marked its 21st year in 2015, with groups such as EXO, 4Minute and SHINee electrifying the Seoul World Cup Stadium. foregin,musicforegin,music"},{"title":"2036 Origin Unknown","tags":" Hasraf Dulull Katee Sackhoff, Ray Fearon, Julie Cox, Steven Cree, David Tse, Joe David Walters Working with an artificial intelligence to investigate the failure of a deadly Mars landing, a mission controller makes an astonishing discovery. fantasyfantasy"},{"title":"20th Century Women","tags":" Mike Mills Annette Bening, Elle Fanning, Greta Gerwig, Lucas Jade Zumann, Billy Crudup In 1979, single bohemian mom Dorothea, hoping to help her teen son find his place as a man, asks two young women to share their lives with him. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"21 & Over","tags":" Jon Lucas, Scott Moore Miles Teller, Skylar Astin, Justin Chon, Sarah Wright, Jonathan Keltz, Fran\u00e7ois Chau, Russell Hodgkinson, Daniel Booko, Russell Mercado, Josie Loren, Dustin Ybarra Jeff's straight-and-narrow life changes abruptly when his buddies take him out for a birthday bash \u2013 the night before a crucial med school interview. comedycomedy"},{"title":"21 Sarfarosh: Saragarhi 1897","tags":"  Luke Kenny, Mohit Raina, Mukul Dev In one of history's greatest last stands, a battalion of 21 Sikh soldiers fights to defend their outpost from attack by over 10,000 Afghans. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"2307: Winter's Dream","tags":" Joey Curtis Paul Sidhu, Arielle Holmes, Branden Coles, Kelcey Watson, Anne-Solenne Hatte, Brad Potts, Timothy Lee DePriest, Fernando Argosino, Duchess Dukes, Harwood Gordon, Stormi Henley In the frozen tundra of a futuristic Arizona where humans have been forced underground, a soldier hunts the bioengineered leader of a rebellion. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"24 Hours to Live","tags":" Brian Smrz Ethan Hawke, Xu Qing, Paul Anderson, Rutger Hauer, Tyrone Keogh, Nathalie Boltt, Liam Cunningham Revived by an experimental procedure, a hit man gets to live an extra 24 hours \u2013 which he uses to avenge his dead wife and child and redeem himself. actionaction"},{"title":"27, el club de los malditos","tags":" Nicanor Loreti Diego Capusotto, Sof\u00eda Gala, Daniel Ar\u00e1oz, Willy Toledo, El Polaco, Paula Manzone, Yayo Guridi, Guillermo Toledo After a musician dies under suspicious circumstances, a hard-drinking detective and a music fan investigate why rock stars often die at the age of 27. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"27: Gone Too Soon","tags":" Simon Napier-Bell Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix, Amy Winehouse, Jim Morrison, Kurt Cobain Explore the circumstances surrounding the tragic deaths at 27 of Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Brian Jones, Janis Joplin, Kurt Cobain and Amy Winehouse. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"28 Days","tags":" Betty Thomas Sandra Bullock, Viggo Mortensen, Dominic West, Diane Ladd, Elizabeth Perkins, Steve Buscemi, Alan Tudyk, Mike O'Malley, Azura Skye, Reni Santoni, Marianne Jean-Baptiste After her drunken antics result in property damage, an alcoholic journalist enters rehab \u2013 and soon meets a fellow resident who changes her outlook. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"3 Generations","tags":" Gaby Dellal Elle Fanning, Naomi Watts, Susan Sarandon, Tate Donovan, Linda Emond, Jordan Carlos, Sam Trammell, Maria Dizzia, Tessa Albertson When teenage Ray begins transitioning from female to male, his single mom and grandmother must cope with the change while tracking down his father. drama,lgbtdrama,lgbt"},{"title":"3 Heroines","tags":" Iman Brotoseno Reza Rahadian, Bunga Citra Lestari, Tara Basro, Chelsea Islan Three Indonesian women break records by becoming the first of their nation to medal in archery at the Seoul Olympics in the summer of 1988. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"3 Seconds Divorce","tags":" Shazia Javed  A Muslim women's activist group in India protests against oral divorces, starting a movement to reclaim their religious and constitutional rights. documental,religiondocumental,religion"},{"title":"30 Days of Luxury","tags":" Hani Hamdi Taher Farouz, Sad Al-Saghir, Ahmad Faloks, Soleiman Eid, Mahmood El-Laithi, Hesham Ismail, Shaima Saif, Nermin Maher, Sofinar With the help of his friends, a man breaks out of prison in hopes of restoring a lively nightclub. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"30 Minutes or Less","tags":" Ruben Fleischer Jesse Eisenberg, Danny McBride, Aziz Ansari, Nick Swardson, Dilshad Vadsaria, Michael Pe\u00f1a, Bianca Kajlich, Fred Ward Two crooks planning a bank heist wind up abducting a pizza delivery driver and force him to commit the robbery \u2014 with a strict time limit. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"300 Miles to Heaven","tags":" Maciej Dejczer Krzysztof Stroi\u0144ski, Andrzej Mellin, Adrianna Biedrzy\u0144ska, Adrianna Biedrzy\u0144ska, Rafa\u0142 Zimowski, Kama Kowalewska, Wies\u0142aw Komasa, Aleksander Bednarz, Jadwiga Jankowska-Cieslak, Wojciech Klata Hoping to help their dissident parents, two brothers sneak out of Poland and land as refugees in Denmark, where they are prevented from returning home. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"42 Grams","tags":" Jack C. Newell Jake Bickelhaupt After launching a successful underground restaurant out of their apartment, an ambitious chef and his wife open an all-consuming upscale eatery. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"4th Man Out","tags":" Andrew Nackman Evan Todd, Parker Young, Chord Overstreet, Jon Gabrus, Kate Flannery, Brooke Dillman, Jennifer Damiano, Jordan Lane Price, Alex Rennie, Jake Epstein A young mechanic comes out to his extremely straight best friends. Once they get used to the idea, they're determined to help him find the right guy. comedy,lgbtcomedy,lgbt"},{"title":"5 to 7","tags":" Victor Levin Anton Yelchin, B\u00e9r\u00e9nice Marlohe, Olivia Thirlby, Lambert Wilson, Frank Langella, Glenn Close A young novelist's life is turned upside down when a chance encounter outside a New York hotel leads to an intense affair with a diplomat's wife. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"50 First Dates","tags":" Peter Segal Adam Sandler, Drew Barrymore, Rob Schneider, Sean Astin, Lusia Strus, Dan Aykroyd, Amy Hill, Allen Covert, Blake Clark, Maya Rudolph After falling for a pretty art teacher who has no short-term memory, a marine veterinarian has to win her over again every single day. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"50\/50","tags":" Jonathan Levine Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Seth Rogen, Anna Kendrick, Bryce Dallas Howard, Anjelica Huston, Serge Houde, Andrew Airlie, Matt Frewer, Philip Baker Hall, Marie Avgeropoulos, Jessica Parker Kennedy An otherwise healthy twentysomething has a comically early midlife crisis when he gets slapped with a cancer diagnosis and a 50-50 chance of survival. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"5CM","tags":" Rizal Mantovani Herjunot Ali, Raline Shah, Fedi Nuril, Pevita Pearce, Saykoji, Denny Sumargo, Didi Petet, Firrina Sinatrya Five friends embark on a mission to climb the highest peak in Java, overcoming obstacles on the way and discovering the true meaning of friendship. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"6 Days","tags":" Toa Fraser Jamie Bell, Abbie Cornish, Mark Strong, Martin Shaw, Ben Turner, Aymen Hamdouchi, Tim Pigott-Smith, Robert Portal, Colin Garlick, Andrew Grainger, Martin Hancock, Emun Elliott When armed gunmen seize the Iranian Embassy in 1980, a tense six-day standoff ensues while elite British soldiers prepare for a dangerous raid. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"6-5=2","tags":" Bharat Jain Prashantt Guptha, Gaurav Paswala, Gaurav Kothari, Disha Kapoor, Niharica Raizada, Ashrut Jain, Darshan Machamada Six friends decide to undertake a grueling mountain trek, only to find that the difficulties in store for them are not merely physical. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"68 Kill","tags":" Trent Haaga Matthew Gray Gubler, AnnaLynne McCord, Alisha Boe, Sheila Vand, Sam Eidson, James Moses Black, Ajay Mehta, Michael Beasley, David Maldonado, Hallie Grace Bradley, Peter Jaymes Jr., Eric Podnar, Lucy Faust A hapless guy agrees to help his stunning \u2013 but psychotic \u2013 girlfriend rob her loathsome sugar daddy in a scheme as ill-conceived as it is violent. comedy,foregin,suspensecomedy,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"7 (Seven)","tags":" Nizar Shafi Rahman, Havish, Regina Cassandra, Nandita Swetha, Anisha Ambrose, Tridha Choudhury, Pujitha Ponnada, Aditi Arya Multiple women report their husbands as missing but when it appears they are looking for the same man, a police officer traces their cryptic connection. showshow"},{"title":"7 Din Mohabbat In","tags":" Meenu Gaur, Farjad Nabi Mahira Khan, Sheheryar Munawar, Javed Sheikh, Hina Dilpazeer, Amna Ilyas, Mira Sethi, Rimal Ali, Salahuddin Tunio, Aamir Qureshi, Adnan Shah Given just seven days by a genie to find a girl who will fall for him, a nerdy young man embarks on a madcap and messy search for his would-be wife. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"9 Months That Made You","tags":"  Demetri Goritsas Witness the wonders of human gestation through cutting-edge CGI, and learn how those nine months inside the womb can affect all aspects of one's life. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"A Bad Moms Christmas","tags":" Jon Lucas, Scott Moore Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell, Kathryn Hahn, Susan Sarandon, Christine Baranski, Jay Hernandez, Cheryl Hines, Peter Gallagher, Justin Hartley Stressed-out moms Amy, Carla and Kiki are back, and the looming Christmas holiday gets even more daunting when their mothers show up for a visit. comedycomedy"},{"title":"A Billion Colour Story","tags":" Padmakumar Narasimhamurthy Dhruva Padmakumar, Gaurav Sharma, Vasuki The curious child of idealistic interfaith parents observes an increasingly intolerant world as his family faces financial strain. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"A Boy Called Po","tags":" John Asher Christopher Gorham, Julian Feder, Kaitlin Doubleday, Andrew Bowen, Caitlin Carmichael, Sean Gunn, Bryan Batt, Fay Masterson, Brian George After his wife's death, an overworked engineer struggles to care for his son with autism, who regresses into a fantasy world to escape real-life bullying. drama,fantasydrama,fantasy"},{"title":"A Bridge Too Far","tags":" Richard Attenborough Dirk Bogarde, James Caan, Michael Caine, Sean Connery, Edward Fox, Elliott Gould, Gene Hackman, Anthony Hopkins, Hardy Kr\u00fcger, Laurence Olivier, Ryan O'Neal, Robert Redford, Maximilian Schell, Liv Ullmann This wartime drama details a pivotal day in 1944 when an Allied task force tried to win World War II by seizing control of key bridges in Holland. action,classic,dramaaction,classic,drama"},{"title":"A Clockwork Orange","tags":" Stanley Kubrick Malcolm McDowell, Patrick Magee, Michael Bates, Warren Clarke, Adrienne Corri, Paul Farrell, Miriam Karlin, James Marcus In this dark satire from director Stanley Kubrick, a young, vicious sociopath in a dystopian England undergoes an experimental rehabilitation therapy. classic,classic,dramaclassic,classic,drama"},{"title":"A Dangerous Woman","tags":" Stephen Gyllenhaal Debra Winger, Barbara Hershey, Gabriel Byrne, Laurie Metcalf, John Terry, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Jake Gyllenhaal, Chloe Webb, David Strathairn At the center of this engrossing melodrama is a Golden Globe-nominated turn by Debra Winger, who plays a sheltered, slow-witted woman living with her widowed Aunt Frances while working at a dry cleaners. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"A Family Affair","tags":" Tom Fassaert Tom Fassaert The filmmaker hunts for the missing puzzle pieces of his family history during a visit with a complex and controversial figure: his grandmother. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"A Family Man","tags":" Mark Williams Gerard Butler, Gretchen Mol, Alison Brie, Willem Dafoe, Alfred Molina, Maxwell Jenkins, Anupam Kher, Dustin Milligan A ruthless corporate headhunter battles his rival for a promotion while dealing with a family crisis that threatens to derail his career. dramadrama"},{"title":"A Flying Jatt","tags":" Remo D'Souza Tiger Shroff, Jacqueline Fernandez, Nathan Jones, Kay Kay Menon, Amrita Singh, Gaurav Pandey, Shraddha Kapoor, Amrita Puri A timid man gets unexpected superpowers while trying to save his family's land and a sacred tree from a ruthless tycoon. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III","tags":" Roman Coppola Charlie Sheen, Jason Schwartzman, Bill Murray, Katheryn Winnick, Patricia Arquette, Aubrey Plaza, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Dermot Mulroney When his girlfriend walks out and leaves him a wreck, a graphic designer \u2013 who seemed to have it all \u2013 sets out to discover where he went wrong. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"A Good Wife","tags":"  Tien Hsin, Christopher Lee, Darren Chiu, Shara Lin, Blaire Chang, Xi Man-Ning, Chu De-Kang As her seemingly idyllic life begins to crumble, a lonely woman in a restrictive marriage starts an affair with a gentle bookstore owner. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"A Gray State","tags":" Erik Nelson  This documentary dissects the case of a filmmaker whose death, along with the deaths of his wife and daughter, sparked alt-right conspiracy theories. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"A Haunted House","tags":" Michael Tiddes Marlon Wayans, Essence Atkins, Cedric the Entertainer, Nick Swardson, David Koechner, Dave Sheridan, Affion Crockett, J.B. Smoove, Andrew Daly, Alanna Ubach This spoof on scary movies follows a young couple settling into a new home, where an evil spirit \u2014 and horrifyingly hilarious antics \u2014 await. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"A Haunting at Silver Falls: The Return","tags":" Teo Konuralp Laura Flannery, James Cavlo, Harry Hains, Clemmie Dugdale, Dendrie Taylor, Bryan Chesters, Jennifer Dorogi, Adam Lazarre-White, Nikita Ramsey When the ghost of her serial killer aunt seemingly resurfaces, Jordan must return to Silver Falls in hopes of finally putting an end to the torment. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"A Holiday Engagement","tags":" Jim Fall Bonnie Somerville, Shelley Long, Jordan Bridges, Sam McMurray, Haylie Duff, Sam Horrigan, Carrie Wiita, Chris McKenna, Edi Patterson, Jennifer Elise Cox Hilary's plan to hire a good-looking guy to act as her boyfriend backfires when she brings him home for the holidays to try and fool her family. family,comedy,romancefamily,comedy,romance"},{"title":"A Kind of Murder","tags":" Andy Goddard Patrick Wilson, Jessica Biel, Vincent Kartheiser, Haley Bennett, Eddie Marsan, Jon Osbeck, Radek Lord, Christine Dye Obsessed with an unsolved murder case, a crime novelist stuck in an unhappy marriage fantasizes about killing his wife, who soon turns up dead. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"A Leaf of Faith","tags":" Chris Bell  This documentary takes a deep dive into the benefits, dangers and lingering questions around Kratom leaf as an alternative to opioid painkillers. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"A Man Called God","tags":"  Song Il-gook, Han Chae-young, Kim Min-jong, Go Eun Han, Jung Hoon Lee, Nam Da-Reum, Yoo In-young Raised in America, government agent Choi Kang-Ta returns to Korea with the skills of an assassin and a thirst for revenge on his father\u2019s killers. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"A Most Violent Year","tags":" J.C. Chandor Oscar Isaac, Jessica Chastain, David Oyelowo, Albert Brooks, Elyes Gabel, Catalina Sandino Moreno, Christopher Abbott, Peter Gerety, Alessandro Nivola Abel Morales tries to avoid corruption's easy path as he pursues the American Dream amid an increasingly violent business war in 1981 New York City. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"A Murder in the Park","tags":" Christopher S. Rech, Brandon Kimber  This documentary excoriates a noted anti-death-penalty activist and his team, whose questionable methods got a convicted killer freed in 1999. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"A new Capitalism","tags":"   Entrepreneurs worldwide explore alternatives to current capitalist structures, advocating for profitable businesses that also tackle social inequality. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"A Night at the Roxbury","tags":" John Fortenberry Will Ferrell, Chris Kattan, Dan Hedaya, Molly Shannon, Richard Grieco, Loni Anderson, Elisa Donovan, Gigi Rice, Lochlyn Munro, Dwayne Hickman After a run-in with Richard Grieco, dimwits Doug and Steve gain entry to a swanky nightclub in this comedy based on a \"Saturday Night Live\" sketch. comedy,classiccomedy,classic"},{"title":"A Noble Intention","tags":" Joram L\u00fcrsen Gijs Scholten van Aschat, Jacob Derwig, Rifka Lodeizen, Juda Goslinga, Zeb Troostwijk, Elisabeth Hesemans, Joosje Duk In 1888 Amsterdam, a headstrong violin maker finds himself immersed in peril and tragedy after challenging businessmen who threaten his community. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"A Patch of Fog","tags":" Michael Lennox Stephen Graham, Conleth Hill, Lara Pulver, Arsher Ali, Stuart Graham, Ian McElhinney When a guard catches a writer-television host shoplifting, instead of turning him in, he only asks to be a friend, then begins to rule his life. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"A Perfect Man","tags":" Kees Van Oostrum Liev Schreiber, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Joelle Carter, Louise Fletcher, Katie Carr, Ren\u00e9e Soutendijk, Huub Stapel, Michael Pas Nina thinks her husband, James, is cheating on her, and she sets out to prove it by calling him and pretending to be another woman. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"A Princess for Christmas","tags":" Michael Damian Katie McGrath, Sir Roger Moore, Sam Heughan, Travis Turner, Leilah de Meza, Miles Richardson, Charlotte Salt At the invitation of a relative, young Jules Daly travels with her niece and nephew to a castle in Europe, where Jules falls for a dashing prince. family,drama,romancefamily,drama,romance"},{"title":"A Russell Peters Christmas","tags":" Henry Sarwer-Foner Russell Peters, Pamela Anderson, Michael Bubl\u00e9, Jon Lovitz, Scott Thompson, Faizon Love, Goapele, Ted Lange Inspired by the variety shows of the 1970s, \"A Russell Peters Christmas\" is a sweet, silly, sentimental and, most of all, funny Christmas special. comedycomedy"},{"title":"A Scandall","tags":" Ishaan Trivedi Johnny Baweja, Reeth Mazumder, Manav Kaul, Tanvi Vyas, Puru Chibber, Vasundhara Kaul, Aayam Mehta, Niraj Sah A film school graduate is interested in making a movie about his girlfriend's uncle, who claims that he can see his long-dead daughter. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"A Separation","tags":" Asghar Farhadi Leila Hatami, Peyman Moaadi, Shahab Hosseini, Sareh Bayat, Sarina Farhadi, Babak Karimi, Ali-Asghar Shahbazi, Shirin Yazdanbakhsh, Kimia Hosseini, Merila Zare'i, Sahabanu Zolghadr Amid an impasse in his marriage, a father in Tehran is beset by a bitter feud involving the family of a pious caretaker he hired for his aging dad. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"A Serious Man","tags":" Ethan Coen, Joel Coen Michael Stuhlbarg, Richard Kind, Fred Melamed, Sari Lennick, Adam Arkin, Amy Landecker, Alan Mandell, Fyvush Finkel, Peter Breitmayer, Aaron Wolff, Jessica McManus, Brent Braunschweig With every aspect of his life unraveling, a Jewish physics professor seeks out three rabbis for spiritual guidance. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"A Sort of Homecoming","tags":" Maria Burton Laura Marano, Parker Mack, Katherine McNamara, Marcus Lyle Brown, Shayne Topp, Michelle Clunie, Kathleen Wilhoite Ace news producer Amy is called back to her Louisiana hometown where memories of what used to be \u2013 and what might have been \u2013 come flooding back. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"A Tale of Love and Darkness","tags":" Natalie Portman Natalie Portman, Gilad Kahana, Amir Tessler, Moni Moshonov, Ohad Knoller, Makram Khoury, Neta Riskin, Alexander Peleg, Rotem Keinan, Tomer Kapon Based on the memoirs of author Amos Oz, this poetic drama shares his family's tale of suffering and survival in the early years of independent Israel. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"A Thin Line Between Love & Hate","tags":" Martin Lawrence Martin Lawrence, Lynn Whitfield, Regina King, Bobby Brown, Della Reese, Daryl Mitchell, Roger Mosley, Malinda Williams, Roger E. Mosley, Simbi Khali, Tangie Ambrose, Wendy Raquel Robinson, Stacii Jae Johnson, Faizon Love, Miguel A. N\u00fa\u00f1ez Jr., Tracy Morgan When a philandering club promoter sets out to woo a rich, glamorous woman, he has no clue just how much mayhem he's about to unleash on his life. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"A Thousand Words","tags":" Brian Robbins Eddie Murphy, Kerry Washington, Cliff Curtis, Clark Duke, Allison Janney, Ruby Dee, John Witherspoon, Jack McBrayer When he learns his karma will permit him to speak just a thousand more words before he dies, fast-talking agent Jack must make every syllable count. comedycomedy"},{"title":"A Walk to Remember","tags":" Adam Shankman Mandy Moore, Shane West, Peter Coyote, Daryl Hannah, Lauren German, Clayne Crawford, Al Thompson When bad boy Landon is cast opposite campus bookworm Jamie in a high school play, romance blooms \u2014 until tragedy threatens to tear them apart. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"A Wednesday","tags":" Neeraj Pandey Anupam Kher, Naseeruddin Shah, Jimmy Shergill, Deepal Shaw, Aamir Bashir, Kali Prasad Mukherjee, Vijay Bhatia, Chetan Pandit After receiving an anonymous tip about a bomb, a police commissioner must negotiate with the terrorist, who demands the release of four militants. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"A Week in Watts","tags":" Gregory Caruso  Los Angeles police officers embark on an innovative program mentoring promising students from the harsh, gang-infested Watts neighborhood. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"A Wrinkle in Time","tags":" Ava DuVernay Storm Reid, Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon, Mindy Kaling, Deric McCabe, Levi Miller, Chris Pine, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Zach Galifianakis, Michael Pe\u00f1a, Bellamy Young, Andr\u00e9 Holland, Will McCormack, Rowan Blanchard, Daniel MacPherson Years after their father disappears, Meg and her younger brother Charles Wallace cross galaxies on a quest to save him from the heart of darkness. familyfamily"},{"title":"A Young Doctor's Notebook and Other Stories","tags":"  Daniel Radcliffe, Jon Hamm, Adam Godley, Christopher Godwin, Rosie Cavaliero, Vicki Pepperdine, Margaret Clunie, Tim Steed, Shaun Pye Set during the Russian Revolution, this comic miniseries is based on a doctor's memories of his early career working in an out-of-the-way village. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"A.D. Kingdom and Empire","tags":"  Juan Pablo Di Pace, Adam Levy, Chipo Chung, Babou Ceesay, Emmett Scanlan, Will Thorp, Richard Coyle, Vincent Regan, Greta Scacchi, James Callis, Joanne Whalley, Jodhi May, Chris Brazier, Fraser Ayres, J\u00f3hannes Haukur J\u00f3hannesson, Ken Bones, Kenneth Collard In the wake of Jesus Christ's crucifixion, his apostles dedicate themselves to spreading his message, risking their freedom and their lives. dramadrama"},{"title":"A.M.I.","tags":" Rusty Nixon Debs Howard, Philip Granger, Sam Robert Muik, Havana Guppy, Bonnie Hay, Veronica Hampson, Lori Triolo, Andrew Coghlan, Laura Mitchell, Elinet Louicius After losing her mother, a teenage girl bonds with her phone\u2019s artificial intelligence app, a relationship that soon takes a dark and violent turn. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"A.X.L.","tags":" Oliver Daly Alex Neustaedter, Becky G., Alex MacNicoll, Dominic Rains, Thomas Jane, Lou Taylor Pucci, Patricia De Leon, Niko Guardado, Ted McGinley, Marie-Fran\u00e7oise Theodore, Eric Etebari, Dorian Kingi Young motocross racer Miles Hill helps a top-secret robotic combat dog evade its ruthless creator and the military, who are in hot pursuit. action,family,foreginaction,family,foregin"},{"title":"A\u015fk Tesad\u00fcfleri Sever","tags":" \u00d6mer Faruk Sorak Mehmet G\u00fcns\u00fcr, Bel\u00e7im Bilgin, Ayda Aksel, Altan Erkekli, Sebnem S\u00f6nmez, H\u00fcseyin Avni Danyal, Berna Konur, \u00dcmit B\u00fclent Din\u00e7er A series of coincidences brings two star-crossed lovers together, but fate pulls them apart until they encounter each other again in Istanbul. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Aadu 2","tags":" Midhun Manuel Thomas Jayasurya, Vinayakan, Sunny Wayne, Vijay Babu, Saiju Kurup, Vineeth Mohan, Unni Rajan P. Dev, Dharmajan Bolgatty, Indrans When Shaji Pappan and his gang of goofy outlaws find themselves low on funds, they plan to once again win a hefty prize in a tug-of-war competition. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Aajcha Divas Majha","tags":" Chandrakant Kulkarni Sachin Khedekar, Ashwini Bhave, Mahesh Manjrekar, Hrishikesh Joshi, Satish Alekar, Sunil Tawde, Pushkar Shrotri, Anand Ingle A conscientious politician helps an elderly singer overcome the obstacles placed in his path a by a powerful bureaucracy. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Aarakshan","tags":" Prakash Jha Amitabh Bachchan, Saif Ali Khan, Manoj Bajpayee, Deepika Padukone, Prateik, Tanvi Azmi, Saurabh Shukla, Darshan Jariwala, Yashpal Sharma, Mukesh Tiwari The decision by India's supreme court to establish caste-based reservations for jobs in education causes conflict between a teacher and his mentor. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Aashayein","tags":" Nagesh Kukunoor John Abraham, Sonal Sehgal, Prateeksha Lonkar, Girish Karnad, Farida Jalal, Ashwin Chitale, Anaitha Nair, Vikram Inamdar, Vipin Bhali, Poonam Chitale, Nagesh Kukunoor When he learns he has terminal cancer, a cynical gambler and chronic smoker ditches his fianc\u00e9e, snubs doctors and checks into a nursing home to die. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Aata Pita","tags":" Uttung Shelar Sanjay Narvekar, Bharat Jadhav, Satish Phulekar, Ashwini Apte A municipal clerk with literary ambitions stalks a loan recovery officer on whom he has decided to base his story's central character. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Abby Sen","tags":" Atanu Ghosh Abir Chatterjee, Raima Sen, Arunima Ghosh, Priyanka Sarkar, Sujan Mukherjee, Kanchan Mullick, Biswanath Basu, Bhaswar Chatterjee, Swagata Basu, Tuhin Mitra, Paran Banerjee, Kharaj Mukherjee, Chiranjit After losing his seventh job in a row, a TV producer and sci-fi buff travels back in time to 1980, where his employment prospects improve. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Abdo Mota","tags":"  Mohamed Ramadan Following the mysterious death of his parents, a young man finds himself enmeshed in the dark world of drugs and crime. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Abhinetri","tags":" A. L. Vijay Tamannaah Bhatia, Prabhu Deva, Sonu Sood, Sapthagiri, Murli Sharma, R.V. Udhaykumar, Joy Mathew, Hema Due to family pressure, a corporate man reluctantly marries a woman from the village, but in their new home, she abruptly assumes a different persona. comedy,foregin,fantasycomedy,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Abnormal Summit","tags":" Jung-ah Im, Seung-uk Jo Hyun-moo Jun, Si-kyung Sung, Se-yoon Yoo Led by a trio of Korean celebs, a multinational panel of men engage in \u2013 usually \u2013 lighthearted debates on issues that surround Korea and beyond. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Abominable Christmas","tags":" Chad Van De Keere Isabella Acres, Drake Bell, Emilio Estevez, Nolan Gould, Matthew Lillard, Ray Liotta, Jane Lynch, Ariel Winter Two small abominable snowmen flee their mountain to escape a scientist who's trying to capture them and end up spending Christmas with a human family. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"About a Boy","tags":" Chris Weitz, Paul Weitz Nicholas Hoult, Toni Collette, Victoria Smurfit, Sharon Small, Natalia Tena, Isabel Brook, Hugh Grant, Rachel Weisz, Nicholas Hutchison Hip, irresponsible Londoner Will invents an imaginary son and starts attending single-parent meetings to find available women. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Abzurdah","tags":" Daniela Goggi Eugenia Su\u00e1rez, Esteban Lamothe, Gloria Carr\u00e1, Rafael Spregelburd, Tom\u00e1s Ottaviano, Julieta Gullo, Zoe Hochbaum, Lucia Carolina Pecrul A disenfranchised 16-year-old girl connects to an older man on the internet and after a brief one-sided affair descends into obsession and anorexia. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Acapulco La vida va","tags":" Alfonso Serrano Maturino Patricio Castillo, Sergio Bustamante, Alejandro Su\u00e1rez, Luz Mar\u00eda Jerez, Bob Isaacs, Tere Monroy Three lifelong friends travel to Acapulco ostensibly so one of them can find his lost love, but the real reason behind the trip holds some surprises. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Across The Line","tags":" Julien Christian Lutz Sarah Jeffery, Simon Paul Mutuyimana, Denis Theriault, Jeremiah Sparks, Steven Love, Cara Ricketts, Jim Codrington, Shamier Anderson, Stephan James, Lanette Ware, Hugh Thompson A black high school student sets his sights for the National Hockey League, but rising racial tensions in his community may jeopardize his goals. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Across the Universe","tags":" Julie Taymor Evan Rachel Wood, Jim Sturgess, Joe Anderson, Dana Fuchs, Martin Luther, James Urbaniak, T.V. Carpio, Spencer Liff An American girl and a British lad fall in love amid the social and political upheaval of the 1960s, in this musical featuring songs by the Beatles. drama,music,romancedrama,music,romance"},{"title":"Act of Valor","tags":" Mike McCoy, Scott Waugh Keo Woolford, Drea Castro, Emilio Rivera, Rorke Denver, Jason Cottle, Ailsa Marshall, Alex Veadov, Dave, Roselyn Sanchez, Thomas Rosales Jr., Nestor Serrano, Gonzalo Menendez An elite squad of Navy SEALs is tasked with rescuing a kidnapped CIA agent from a lethal terrorist cell. actionaction"},{"title":"Act of Vengeance","tags":" Mahsun K\u0131rm\u0131z\u0131g\u00fcl Haluk Bilginer, Mahsun K\u0131rm\u0131z\u0131g\u00fcl, Mustafa Sandal, Gina Gershon, Robert Patrick, Danny Glover, Engin Altan D\u00fczyatan, Scott William Winters, Sharrieff Pugh Two Turkish agents are sent to New York City on a mission to capture a notorious terrorist known only as \"Dejjal\" (Arabic for Antichrist). action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Acts of Violence","tags":" Brett Donowho Cole Hauser, Bruce Willis, Shawn Ashmore, Ashton Holmes, Melissa Bolona, Patrick St. Esprit, Sophia Bush, Mike Epps When his future sister-in-law is kidnapped by human traffickers, a military veteran joins forces with his brothers and a world-weary cop to rescue her. actionaction"},{"title":"Adam Ruins Everything","tags":"  Adam Conover, Adam Lustick, Emily Axford Education can be fun \u2013 and funny. Comedian Adam Conover bursts misconceptions, deconstructs topics and leaves with positive takeaways. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Addicted to Life","tags":" Thierry Donard Antoine Bizet, Jesse Richman, Karsten Gefle, Wille Lindberg, Matahi Drollet, Mathias Wyss, Matt Annetts Chasing extreme challenges, athletic daredevils test their limits in various environments from giant waves to snowy slopes around the world. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Adore","tags":" Anne Fontaine Naomi Watts, Robin Wright, Xavier Samuel, James Frecheville, Ben Mendelsohn, Jessica Tovey, Sophie Lowe, Gary Sweet, Alyson Standen, Skye Sutherland, Sarah Henderson When lifelong friends Roz and Lil fall in love with each other's teenage sons, they must carry out their affairs in relative secrecy. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Adrishya","tags":" Sandeep Chatterjee Ravi Kumar, Ayesha Singh, Nishat Mallick, Archana Kotwal, Rakesh Chaturvedi Om, Nidhi Mahavan, Abhijit Sinha, Abdur Rehman A family\u2019s harmonious existence is interrupted when the young son begins showing symptoms of anxiety that seem linked to disturbing events at home. suspense,foregin,foreginsuspense,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Adventures in Public School","tags":" Kyle Rideout Daniel Doheny, Judy Greer, Siobhan Williams, Russell Peters, Grace Park, Andrew McNee, Alex Barima, Andrew Herr, Eva Day, Josh Epstein After years of home-schooling, an awkward teen decides he wants a public high school experience, but his overbearing mother struggles to let go. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Africa","tags":"  David Attenborough This five-part nature series chronicles fascinating stories of survival on the African continent, home to the most diverse animal life on the planet. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"After Porn Ends","tags":" Bryce Wagoner  This documentary explores the careers of some of porn's top stars and examines their adjustment to \"normal\" society after leaving adult entertainment. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"After Porn Ends 3","tags":" Brittany Andrews  This third installment in a documentary series examines the lives of the adult film genre's biggest stars after their industry careers have ended. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Afterschool","tags":" Antonio Campos Ezra Miller, Addison Timlin, Jeremy Allen White, Michael Stuhlbarg, Emory Cohen, David Costabile, Rosemarie DeWitt, Dariusz M. Uczkowski, Gary Wilmes, Paul Sparks, Alexandra Neil, Lee Wilkof When a prep school loner films two classmates overdosing on cocaine, his footage plays a role in the emotional fallout within the school community. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Aftershock","tags":" Nicol\u00e1s L\u00f3pez Eli Roth, Andrea Osv\u00e1rt, Ariel Levy, Natasha Yarovenko, Nicol\u00e1s Mart\u00ednez, Lorenza Izzo, Marcial Tagle, Ram\u00f3n Llao, Ignacia Allamand, Paz Bascu\u00f1\u00e1n An American tourist and his friends are partying in Chile, but a major earthquake devastates the area and forces them to scramble for survival. action,suspenseaction,suspense"},{"title":"Agatha and the Truth of Murder","tags":" Terry Loane Ruth Bradley, Pippa Haywood, Dean Andrews, Bebe Cave, Blake Harrison, Tim McInnerny, Ralph Ineson, Michael McElhatton In a dramatized depiction of her 11-day disappearance, novelist Agatha Christie solving a real murder amid a crisis in her writing and marriage. dramadrama"},{"title":"Age Gap Love","tags":"  Fay Ripley Despite the social backlash and challenges that come with intergenerational romance, these couples choose to stick together through thick and thin. foregin,show,romanceforegin,show,romance"},{"title":"Agent Raghav","tags":"  Sharad Kelkar, Aahana Kumra, Mahesh Manjrekar, Deepali Pansare, Danish Pandor, Jason Tham, Reena Aggarwal, Swati Rajput A mix of brilliance, erudition and skill enables a modern Sherlock Holmes to solve impossible cases, all while he tries to heal personal wounds. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"Ahista Ahista","tags":" Shivam Nair Abhay Deol, Soha Ali Khan, Shayan Munshi, Kamini Khanna, Sohrab Ardeshir, Murad Ali, Shakeel Khan, Natasha Sinha, Brijendra Kala Stood up by her groom at the altar, a young woman finds help and healing from another man \u2013 until her ex-fianc\u00e9 returns, hoping to win her back. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Ai Weiwei: Never Sorry","tags":" Alison Klayman Ai Weiwei, Lao Ai Chinese artist and activist Ai Weiwei uses social media and art to inspire protests and suffers government persecution for his actions. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Ainsley Eats the Streets","tags":"  Ainsley Harriott Celebrity chef Ainsley Harriott embarks on a journey around the world to explore the relationship between local street foods and cultural identity. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Aisa Yeh Jahaan","tags":" Biswajeet Bora Palash Sen, Ira Dubey, Yashpal Sharma, Tinnu Anand, Prisha Dabbas, Kymsleen Kholie, Satish Sharma During a vacation with her parents, away from her concrete urban existence, a young girl learns to appreciate the joys of connecting with nature. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Aitraaz","tags":" Abbas Alibhai Burmawalla, Mastan Alibhai Burmawalla Akshay Kumar, Kareena Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, Amrish Puri, Paresh Rawal, Annu Kapoor A happily married business executive is forced to deal with an episode from his past that he had long thought was put behind him. foregin,music,romanceforegin,music,romance"},{"title":"Alarmoty in the Land of Fire","tags":"   While vacationing at a resort, an ornery and outspoken man is held captive by a criminal organization. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Albion: The Enchanted Stallion","tags":" Castille Landon Daniel Sharman, Jennifer Morrison, Debra Messing, Stephen Dorff, John Cleese, Liam McIntyre, Richard Kind, Avery Arendes, Castille Landon After a magical horse transports her to a fantasy world ruled by an evil general, a brave girl sets out to save the land once and for all. familyfamily"},{"title":"Alejandro Sanz: What I Was Is What I Am","tags":" Gervasio Iglesias, Alexis Morante Alejandro Sanz A retrospective look at the life and career of Grammy-award winning Spanish musician Alejandro Sanz. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore","tags":" Martin Scorsese Ellen Burstyn, Kris Kristofferson, Billy Green Bush, Diane Ladd, Harvey Keitel, Lelia Goldoni, Lane Bradbury, Vic Tayback, Jodie Foster, Alfred Lutter A widowed singer and single mother starts over as a diner waitress in Arizona, befriending her coworkers and romancing a ruggedly handsome rancher. classic,comedy,dramaclassic,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Alien Contact: Outer Space","tags":" J. Michael Long J. Michael Long This fact-based account delves into humankind's efforts to gather signals from possible intelligent beings beyond the solar system. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Aliens Ate My Homework","tags":" Sean McNamara William Shatner, Dan Payne, Kirsten Robek, Ty Consiglio, Sean McNamara, Christian Convery, Jayden Greig, Lauren McNamara, Alex Zahara, Sandy Robson Tiny alien lawmen fly into Rod's bedroom and recruit him into helping them stop an intergalactic criminal \u2013 who's disguised as a very familiar human. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Alive and Kicking","tags":" Susan Glatzer  Take an inside look at swing dancing's continued prosperity and the lively and joyous personalities that make the art form so unique. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"All About Nina","tags":" Eva Vives Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Common, Kate del Castillo, Chace Crawford, Jay Mohr, Beau Bridges, Clea DuVall, Melonie Diaz, Camryn Manheim, Mindy Sterling, Angelique Cabral, Nicole Byer, Todd Louiso, Elizabeth Masucci, Sonoya Mizuno, Charlotte Newhouse, Victor Rasuk, Andree Vermeulen Fearless provocation has fueled stand-up comic Nina Geld's career, but a move to LA and a new love take her to new levels of honesty. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"All Dogs Go to Heaven","tags":" Don Bluth, Gary Goldman, Dan Kuenster Dom DeLuise, Burt Reynolds, Daryl Gilley, Candy Devine, Charles Nelson Reilly, Vic Tayback, Melba Moore, Judith Barsi, Rob Fuller, Earleen Carey, Anna Manahan, Nigel Pegram, Loni Anderson, Ken Page, Godfrey Quigley When a canine con artist becomes an angel, he sneaks back to Earth and crosses paths with an orphan girl who can speak to animals. familyfamily"},{"title":"All Good Ones Get Away","tags":" V\u00edctor Garc\u00eda Claire Forlani, Jake Abel, Titus Welliver, Melina Matthews When a mysterious figure blackmails an adulterous couple during a romantic getaway, their secret affair turns into a fight for survival. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"All Hallows' Eve","tags":" Charlie Vaughn Lexi Giovagnoli, Ashley Argota, John DeLuca, Diane Salinger, Martin Klebba, Tracey Gold, Dee Wallace, Pilot Paisley-Rose, Daniel Cooksley, Vincent Giovagnoli, Dillon Cavitt Instead of summoning the spirit of her dearly departed mother, a charming teen accidentally awakens a vengeful witch who wants to destroy her town. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"All Light Will End","tags":" Chris Blake Ashley Pereira, Alexandra Harris, Ted Welch, Sam Jones III, Sarah Butler, Andy Buckley, Graham Outerbridge, Michael James Thomas, John Schuck, Aaron Munoz A horror novelist with a traumatic past returns to her childhood hometown, where she revisits her night terrors and loses sight of reality. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"All the Boys Love Mandy Lane","tags":" Jonathan Levine Anson Mount, Edwin Hodge, Michael Welch, Brooke Bloom, Amber Heard, Aaron Himelstein, Whitney Able, Luke Grimes, Melissa Price During a weekend excursion to a secluded ranch, an unwelcome visitor begins picking off the randy admirers of teenage temptress Mandy Lane. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"All the Devil's Men","tags":" Matthew Hope Milo Gibson, Sylvia Hoeks, Gbenga Akinnagbe, William Fichtner, Joseph Millson, Elliot Cowan, Perry Fitzpatrick, Warren Rusher A battle-scarred Special Ops military vet joins a CIA-funded assignment to take down a Russian terrorist and his trigger-happy comrades. actionaction"},{"title":"Alone in Berlin","tags":" Vincent Perez Emma Thompson, Brendan Gleeson, Daniel Br\u00fchl, Monique Chaumette, Joachim Bissmeier, Katrin Pollitt, Lars Rudolph, Uwe Preuss, Daniel Str\u00e4\u00dfer, Rainer Reiners, Mikael Persbrandt After learning of their son's death on the battlefield, a grieving Berlin couple embark on a quietly dangerous act of resistance against Adolf Hitler. dramadrama"},{"title":"Along Came a Spider","tags":" Lee Tamahori Morgan Freeman, Monica Potter, Michael Wincott, Dylan Baker, Mika Boorem, Anton Yelchin, Kim Hawthorne, Jay O. Sanders, Billy Burke, Michael Moriarty, Penelope Ann Miller When a girl is kidnapped from a prestigious prep school, a homicide detective takes the case, teaming up with young security agent. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Alpha and Omega 2: A Howl-iday Adventure","tags":" Richard Rich Ben Diskin, Kate Higgins, Blackie Rose, Lindsay Torrance, Liza West, Tracy Pfau, Bill Lader, Meryl Leigh, Shaun Gerardo In this animated outdoor adventure, wolf couple Humphrey and Kate face a crisis when one of their three cubs disappears without explanation. familyfamily"},{"title":"Alpha and Omega: The Legend of the Saw Tooth Cave","tags":" Richard Rich Debi Derryberry, Ben Diskin, Kate Higgins, Lindsay Torrance, Larry Thomas, Bill Lader, Cindy Robinson When a wolf pup named Runt sneaks off to explore a mysterious cave, he meets and befriends a wolf driven from her pack because she's blind. familyfamily"},{"title":"Alphablocks","tags":"  Teresa Gallagher, David Holt, Lizzie Waterworth The letters of the alphabet come to life in Alphaland as they read, write and spell their way into an exciting world of phonic fun. familyfamily"},{"title":"AlphaGo","tags":" Greg Kohs  Seemingly simple but deceptively complex, the game of \"Go\" serves as the backdrop for this battle between artificial intelligence and man. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Always a Bridesmaid","tags":" Trey Haley Javicia Leslie, Jordan Calloway, Richard Lawson, Yvette Nicole Brown, Michelle Mitchenor, Amber Chardae Robinson, Jasmin Brown Never married but always at weddings, a copy editor finally dives into the dating pool but wonders if her love story involves staying single forever. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Amar Akbar & Tony","tags":" Atul Malhotra Rez Kempton, Sam Vincenti, Martin Delaney, Karen David, Laura Aikman, Goldy Notay, Meera Syal, Nina Wadia, Tanveer Ghani, Amrita Acharia The brotherly bond between three childhood friends \u2013 one Sikh, one Muslim and one Catholic \u2013 is tested by the often comic absurdities of adulthood. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Amar Akbar Anthony","tags":" Manmohan Desai Vinod Khanna, Rishi Kapoor, Amitabh Bachchan, Neetu Singh, Parveen Babi, Shabana Azmi, Nirupa Roy, Pran Abandoned in a park by their father, Amar, Akbar and Anthony grow up independently and have no knowledge of one another. They're reunited as adults when, by coincidence, they all give blood at the same hospital. action,classic,comedyaction,classic,comedy"},{"title":"Amar's Hands","tags":" Khaled Youssef Ghadah Abdulrazeq, Wafaa Amer, Hassan El Raddad, Houria Farghally, Sabry Fawwaz To fulfill her husband\u2019s dream to build a home, a widow sends her five children to earn money in Cairo, where their poverty tests them at every turn. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"America's Book of Secrets","tags":"  Jonathan Adams This engaging documentary series shares the surprising backstories of familiar institutions like the Pentagon, West Point and the Playboy Mansion. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"American Anarchist","tags":" Charlie Siskel William Powell This documentary profiles William Powell, who wrote the \"The Anarchist Cookbook\" in the early 1970s and spent his later life regretting his actions. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"American Assassin","tags":" Michael Cuesta Dylan O'Brien, Michael Keaton, Sanaa Lathan, Shiva Negar, Taylor Kitsch, Trevor White, Navid Negahban, Scott Adkins, David Suchet, Sydney Rae White After grad student Mitch Rapp suffers a tragic loss during a terrorist attack, his single-minded thirst for vengeance catches the interest of the CIA. actionaction"},{"title":"American Beauty","tags":" Sam Mendes Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Wes Bentley, Mena Suvari, Chris Cooper, Peter Gallagher, Allison Janney, Scott Bakula, Sam Robards While struggling to endure his tightly wound wife, an unfulfilling job and a surly teen, a man becomes obsessed with one of his daughter's friends. dramadrama"},{"title":"American Circumcision","tags":" Brendon Marotta  With interviews from experts on both sides of the debate, this film questions the routine practice of non-religious infant circumcision in the U.S. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"American Crime","tags":"  Felicity Huffman, Timothy Hutton, Elvis Nolasco, Regina King, Lili Taylor, Richard Cabral, Brent Anderson, Benito Martinez, Shane Jacobsen, W. Earl Brown, Caitlin Gerard, Penelope Ann Miller, Johnny Ortiz This anthology series unfolds a different story arc for each season, with dramas focusing on aspects of American life and the criminal justice system. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"American Experience: Ruby Ridge","tags":" Barak Goodman Dave Hunt, Bo Gritz, Sara Weaver A botched attempt to arrest a white supremacist in Idaho results in a gun battle, a standoff and three deaths that galvanize public opinion in 1992. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"American Experience: The Circus","tags":" Sharon Grimberg  An exploration of the American circus, as the spectacle evolved from a one-ring show to a cultural event and eventually, a dying breed. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"American Experience: The Island Murder","tags":" Mark Zwonitzer Blair Brown In 1931, a young Navy wife tore apart Hawaii on racial lines after claiming she was raped by a gang of nonwhite islanders. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"American Hangman","tags":" Wilson Coneybeare Donald Sutherland, Vincent Kartheiser, Oliver Dennis, Paul Braunstein, Paul Amato, Matt Baram, Dan Beirne, Joanne Boland, Jamie Jacqueline Burns, Alexander Crowther A judge\u2019s kidnapping is streamed live on social media, as a vengeful loner puts him on trial for supposedly sending an innocent man to his death. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"American Heist","tags":" Sarik Andreasyan Hayden Christensen, Adrien Brody, Jordana Brewster, Tory Kittles, Akon, Luis Da Silva Jr., Lance E. Nichols, Joe Chrest An ex-con is just getting his life back on track when his older brother is released from prison and drags him into the underworld for one final heist. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"American History X","tags":" Tony Kaye Edward Norton, Edward Furlong, Beverly D'Angelo, Jennifer Lien, Ethan Suplee, Fairuza Balk, Avery Brooks, Elliott Gould, Stacy Keach, William Russ, Guy Torry A neo-Nazi gets sent to prison for murder and comes out a changed man. But can he prevent his younger brother from following in his footsteps? dramadrama"},{"title":"American Honey","tags":" Andrea Arnold Sasha Lane, Shia LaBeouf, Riley Keough, McCaul Lombardi, Arielle Holmes A teenage girl leaves her dull life in Oklahoma to join a raucous band of travelling magazine sellers on an alcohol-, drug- and sex-filled road trip. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"American Masters: Ted Williams","tags":" Nick Davis Ted Williams Baseball legend Ted Williams fights to become the greatest hitter of all time as he battles family, teammates, the press and even the fans. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"American Odyssey","tags":"  Anna Friel, Peter Facinelli, Jake Robinson, Jim True-Frost, Treat Williams, Sadie Sink, Omar Ghazaoui, Nate Mooney, Elena Kampouris, Daniella Pineda, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje An elite soldier, a corporate lawyer and a political activist uncover a deadly conspiracy linking terrorists to a powerful American corporation. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"American Psycho","tags":" Mary Harron Christian Bale, Willem Dafoe, Jared Leto, Reese Witherspoon, Samantha Mathis, Chlo\u00eb Sevigny, Justin Theroux, Josh Lucas, Matt Ross, Bill Sage, Cara Seymour, Guinevere Turner With chiseled good looks that belie his insanity, a businessman takes pathological pride in yuppie pursuits and indulges in sudden homicidal urges. comedy,classic,dramacomedy,classic,drama"},{"title":"American Warfighter","tags":" Jerry G. Angelo Jerry G. Angelo, Paul Logan, Joshua Santana, Carolina Castro, David Robbins, Michael King, Tom Crisp, Jennifer Marshall, Victoria Clare, Ryan Baumann, Isaac C. Singleton Jr., Said Faraj A Navy SEAL haunted by wartime memories tries to rebuild his life at home, even as one last mission threatens to unravel everything. dramadrama"},{"title":"Amy","tags":" Asif Kapadia Amy Winehouse, Lauren Gilbert Rare home videos and interviews with Amy Winehouse's inner circle offer an intimate look at her journey from charismatic teen to troubled star. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"An American in Madras","tags":" Karan Bali  Extensive film clips and interviews tell the story of American filmmaker Ellis R. Dungan, who spent 15 years in India and helped define Tamil cinema. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"An American Tail","tags":" Don Bluth Erica Yohn, Nehemiah Persoff, Amy Green, Phillip Glasser, Christopher Plummer, John Finnegan, Will Ryan, Hal Smith, Dom DeLuise, Madeline Kahn Fievel, a young Russian mouse, immigrates to America and must make his own way in the strange and sometimes perilous new world. familyfamily"},{"title":"An American Tail: Fievel Goes West","tags":" Phil Nibbelink, Simon Wells Philip Glasser, James Stewart, Erica Yohn, Cathy Cavadini, Nehemiah Persoff, Dom DeLuise, Amy Irving, John Cleese, Jon Lovitz Fievel and his family head west for what turns out to be a wild adventure. Deep in cowboy country, the intrepid mouse faces down a nasty feline. familyfamily"},{"title":"An American Tail: The Mystery of the Night Monster","tags":" Larry Latham Thomas Dekker, Lacey Chabert, Jane Singer, Nehemiah Persoff, Susan Boyd, Robert Hays, Pat Musick, Dom DeLuise, Candi Milo, Jeff Bennett When a monster goes on a mouse-napping spree in New York, Fievel and his friends help a reporter get to the bottom of the mystery. familyfamily"},{"title":"An American Tail: The Treasures of Manhattan Island","tags":" Larry Latham Thomas Dekker, Dom DeLuise, Pat Musick, Nehemiah Persoff, Erica Yohn, Lacey Chabert, Elaine Bilstad, Rene Auberjonois, David Carradine, Sherman Howard, Tony Jay, Richard Karron, John Kassir, Ron Perlman When Fievel and friends go hunting for buried treasure beneath the ruins of an old subway tunnel, they stumble onto something surprising. familyfamily"},{"title":"An Hour and a Half","tags":" Wael Ehsan Eyad Nassar, Ahmed Bedir, Fathy Abdel Wahab, Sawsan Badr, Maged El Kedwany, Tarek Abdel Aziz, Karima Mokhtar, Yousra El Lozy, Somaya El Khashab, Mohamed Emam Based on the 2002 El Ayyat train accident, this drama begins 90 minutes before the explosion, following the lives of riders in the third-class cars. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"An Innocent Mistake","tags":"  Jason Wang, Mathilde Lin, Mo Tzu Yi, Xi Man-Ning, Lin Mei-hsiu, Kelly Huang, Joy Pan Raised by three mothers, a self-assured teen in turmoil meets the father figure she never had. But she also stands to drive the man and his son apart. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"An Interview with God","tags":" Perry Lang Brenton Thwaites, David Strathairn, Hill Harper, Charlbi Dean, Yael Grobglas After an assignment in a war zone, a journalist trying to put his life back together is granted an interview with someone claiming to be God. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"An Upper Egyptian","tags":" Ismail Farouk, Hazem Fouda Mohamed Ramadan, Randa El Behery, Nermin Maher, Inas El Naggar, Mayar El Gheity, Hassan Abdulfattah, Sabri Abdulmonem, Alaa Zenhom, Abdalah Mishrif, Mohamed Soliman Eager to settle down, Abdullah searches for the right woman to marry \u2013 but the one he truly longs for may not feel the same way. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Anarkali of Aarah","tags":" Avinash Das Swara Bhaskar, Sanjay Mishra, Vijay Kumar, Pankaj Tripathi, Mayur More, Ishtiyak Khan After being sexually harassed by a drunken politician while performing at a public event, a village dancer plots revenge to clear her name. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Anchor and Hope","tags":" Carlos Marques-Marcet Oona Chaplin, Natalia Tena, David Verdaguer, Geraldine Chaplin Kat and Eva\u2019s happy romance hits a rough patch when Eva decides that she wants a child. Visiting friend Roger could help complete their family. comedy,drama,lgbtcomedy,drama,lgbt"},{"title":"Ancient Aliens","tags":"  Robert Clotworthy Were ancient humans really behind some of the most important technological advances in civilized history, or did they have extraterrestrial help? documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Anesthesia","tags":" Tim Blake Nelson Sam Waterston, Tim Blake Nelson, Jessica Hecht, Kristen Stewart, Corey Stoll, K. Todd Freeman, Glenn Close, Gretchen Mol, Michael Kenneth Williams, Gloria Reuben, Mickey Sumner, Yul Vazquez, Hannah Marks, Ben Konigsberg After a popular professor is attacked on a New York street, the story of how a series of intertwined events led to the life-altering assault unfolds. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Angel Eyes","tags":" Luis Mandoki Jennifer Lopez, Jim Caviezel, Sonia Braga, Terrence Howard, Jeremy Sisto, Monet Mazur, Victor Argo, Shirley Knight When a violent assault leaves her vulnerable, a streetwise Chicago cop receives help from a haunted loner who's struggling with traumas of his own. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Anger Management","tags":" Peter Segal Adam Sandler, Jack Nicholson, Marisa Tomei, Luis Guzm\u00e1n, Allen Covert, Lynne Thigpen, Kurt Fuller, Jonathan Loughran, Krista Allen, January Jones, Woody Harrelson, John Turturro, Kevin Nealon After a gentle businessman is forced to get anger management counseling, his therapist moves in \u2013 but turns out to have anger issues of his own. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Angry Indian Goddesses","tags":" Pan Nalin Amrit Maghera, Rajshri Deshpande, Pavleen Gujral, Anushka Manchanda, Sandhya Mridul, Sarah-Jane Dias, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Adil Hussain, Arjun Mathur, Anuj Choudhry A photographer invites a close-knit group of female pals to her Goa home to announce her engagement, which stirs up a riot of emotion in all of them. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Anjaan: Rural Myths","tags":"   Spine-chilling stories of malevolent spirits unfold in villages, jungles and haunted buildings across India. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Anjaan: Special Crimes Unit","tags":"  Gashmeer Mahajani, Heena Parmar The cases are supernatural; the police officers human. Together, cops Aditi and Vikrant must solve mysteries from the realm of the paranormal. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Ankur Arora Murder Case","tags":" Sohail Tatari Kay Kay Menon, Tisca Chopra, Arjun Mathur, Paoli Dam, Vishakha Singh, Manish Chaudhary, Vishesh Tiwari, Harsh Chhaya A young medical intern sets out to fight for justice after the negligence of the surgeon he looked up to ends in tragedy. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Annabelle Hooper and the Ghosts of Nantucket","tags":" Paul Serafini Bailee Madison, Robert Capron, Rachel Resheff, Mavrick Moreno, Whitney Goin, Gary Weeks, Juliana Harkavy, Kevin B. McGlynn, Jamison Stern, Mia Matthews, Bianca Matthews While vacationing on picturesque Nantucket, a crafty teenage mystery writer contends with two thieves as she tries to solve a ghostly conundrum. familyfamily"},{"title":"Another Forever","tags":" Juan Zapata Daniela Escobar, Marlon Moreno, Peter Ketnath, Barbara Scolaro Overtaken by the death of her beloved, a grieving woman decides to take a spontaneous trip to visit her friend and get her life back on track. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Ant-Man and the Wasp","tags":" Peyton Reed Paul Rudd, Evangeline Lilly, Michael Douglas, Michael Pe\u00f1a, Hannah John-Kamen, Laurence Fishburne, Michelle Pfeiffer, Walton Goggins, T.I., Judy Greer, Bobby Cannavale, David Dastmalchian, Abby Ryder Fortson, Randall Park Problems big and small pop up when Scott Lang, aka Ant-Man, gets drafted by Dr. Hank Pym and Hope van Dyne, aka the Wasp, for an urgent rescue mission. action,comedy,fantasyaction,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Antar: Son of Shadad","tags":" Sherif Ismail Mohamed Henedi, Bassem Samra, Dorra Zarrouk, Lotfy Labib Learning he is the grandson of a famous knight, a young man hilariously fights a rival gang to win over the most beautiful woman in the tribe. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown","tags":"  Anthony Bourdain This CNN original series has chef Anthony Bourdain traveling to extraordinary locations around the globe to sample a variety of local cuisines. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Antidote","tags":" Ken Barbet Randy Couture, Chuck Zito, Wil Traval, Celeste Thornton, Rafael De La Fuente, Alyona Chekhova, Natali Yura, Thom Rivera A tough-as-nails treasure hunter protects a humanitarian doctor as she tries to cure a supernatural disease caused by a mysterious witch. action,suspenseaction,suspense"},{"title":"Anwar","tags":" Manish Jha Siddharth Koirala, Nauheed Cyrusi, Manisha Koirala, Rajpal Yadav, Yashpal Sharma, Vijay Raaz, Hiten Tejwani, Sudhir Pandey, Sanjay Mishra, Lalit Tiwari Seeking refuge in a Hindu temple after the tragic death of the girl he loved, a Muslim youth is caught by the police, who mistake him for an enemy. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"\u5fcd\u8005\u30cf\u30c3\u30c8\u30ea\u304f\u3093","tags":"   Hailing from the mountains of Iga, Kanzo Hattori moves in with elementary school student Kenichi Mitsuba and his family to hone his skills as a ninja. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Apache Warrior","tags":" David Salzberg, Christian Tureaud  Recovered cockpit footage and telling interviews reveal the true stories of US fighter pilots in one of the largest combat strikes in history. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"APEX: The Story of the Hypercar","tags":" J.F. Musial, Josh Vietze Zachary Levi A visionary carmaker introduces his fuel-efficient, high-performance hypercar to a market filled with big-name competitors like Ferrari and Porsche. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Apollo 18","tags":" Gonzalo L\u00f3pez-Gallego Warren Christie, Lloyd Owen, Ryan Robbins, Michael Kopsa, Andrew Airlie This sci-fi thriller suggests that Apollo 17, despite official statements to the contrary, wasn't NASA's last manned mission to the moon. suspense,fantasy,suspensesuspense,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"April and the Extraordinary World","tags":" Christian Desmares, Franck Ekinci Angela Galuppo, Paul Giamatti, Susan Sarandon, Tony Hale, J.K. Simmons, Tony Robinow, Mark Camacho, Tod Fennell, Carlos Alazraqui, Kari Wahlgren After the world's top scientists disappear, orphaned April secretly forges ahead with a family experiment and gets tangled up in a vast conspiracy. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Aram, Aram","tags":" Christopher Chambers John Roohinian, Levon Sharafyan, Sevak Hakoyan, David Villada, Mike Ghader, Razmik Mansuryan, Lorita Meg, Amy Sanders, Alla Tumanian Newly orphaned Aram leaves Beirut to live with his grandfather in Los Angeles, and overwhelmed by culture shock, he falls prey to an Armenian gang. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Are We Done Yet?","tags":" Khaled El Halafawy Ahmed Eid, Ayten Amer, Ahmed Fouad Selim, Mohsen Mansour When authorities arrest his young son, a taxi driver must convince the courts and rabid media that he's not the criminal they seek. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Arisan 2","tags":" Nia Dinata Surya Saputra, Cut Mini Theo, Tora Sudiro A group of friends reunites for a vacation amid nature, where they laugh about their shared history and bond over difficult truths. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Arthur","tags":" Jason Winer Russell Brand, Helen Mirren, Greta Gerwig, Jennifer Garner, Geraldine James, Luis Guzm\u00e1n, Nick Nolte, Christina Jacquelyn Calph, Murphy Guyer, Jos\u00e9 Ram\u00f3n Rosario Russell Brand stars in this remake as a philanderer who must decide whether to give up an inheritance of millions for the sake of romance. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Arthur Christmas","tags":" Sarah Smith James McAvoy, Hugh Laurie, Bill Nighy, Jim Broadbent, Imelda Staunton, Ashley Jensen, Ramona Marquez, Marc Wootton, Laura Linney, Eva Longoria, Michael Palin, Joan Cusack, Deborah Findlay, Rich Fulcher, Sarah Smith, Clint Dyer, Kerry Shale, Stewart Lee, Bronagh Gallagher, Kevin Cecil, Alistair McGowan, David Menkin, Kris Pearn, Ian Ashpitel, Rich Hall, Seeta Indrani, Jane Horrocks, Peter Baynham, Emma Kennedy, Dominic West, Jerry Lambert, Julia Davis, Robbie Coltrane, Iain McKee, Sanjeev Bhaskar, Andy Serkis, Tamsin Greig, Rhys Darby, Seamus Malone, Cody Cameron, David Schneider, Kevin Eldon, Danny John-Jules, Brian Cummings At Santa Claus's super-secret toy-making facility, Mr. Claus entrusts his son, Arthur, to carry out an ultra-important Christmas mission. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"As Above, So Below","tags":" John Erick Dowdle Perdita Weeks, Ben Feldman, Edwin Hodge, Fran\u00e7ois Civil, Marion Lambert, Ali Marhyar, Cosme Castro, Hamid Djavadan, Th\u00e9o Cholbi, Emy L\u00e9vy A beautiful tomb raider and her crew hunt for treasure in the catacombs of Paris and find themselves in a hellish underworld. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"As Good as It Gets","tags":" James L. Brooks Jack Nicholson, Helen Hunt, Greg Kinnear, Cuba Gooding Jr., Skeet Ulrich, Shirley Knight, Yeardley Smith, Lupe Ontiveros The structured world of a sour, obsessive-compulsive author crumbles when he's drawn into the lives of a stressed-out single mom and his gay neighbor. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Assimilate","tags":" John Murlowski Joel Courtney, Calum Worthy, Andi Matichak, Katherine McNamara, Cam Gigandet, Mason McNulty, Terry Dale Parks, Vito Viscuso, Jennifer Pierce Mathus, Kevin Remington A group of friends making a web series about their hometown realize it isn\u2019t as boring as they thought when their neighbors start behaving strangely. suspense,fantasy,suspensesuspense,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Asura: The City of Madness","tags":" Sung-soo Kim Jung-min Hwang, Do-won Kwak, Man-sik Jung, Woo-sung Jung Caught between a corrupt mayor and a prosecutor intent on exposing political depravity, a police detective must decide whose side he's on. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"At All Costs","tags":" Mike Nicoll Parker Jackson Cartwright, Gabe York This revealing documentary explores how the high-stakes world of Amateur Athletic Union basketball has professionalized youth sports in America. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"At First Light","tags":" Jason Stone Stefanie Scott, Theodore Pellerin, Percy Hynes White, Kate Burton, Sa\u00efd Taghmaoui, Kristin Booth, James Wotherspoon After mysterious lights imbue her with extraordinary powers, a teenager goes on the run from authorities with the friend who harbors a crush on her. drama,fantasydrama,fantasy"},{"title":"ATM","tags":" Mez Tharatorn Chantavit Dhanasevi, Preechaya Pongthananikorn, Chaleumpol Tikumpornteerawong, Thawat Pornrattanaprasert, Sananthachat Thanapatpisal, Pongkool Suebsung, Puttachat Pongsuchat, Gornpop Janjaroen, Yanee Tramoth, Pongsatorn Jongwilak When a broken ATM dishes out a fortune, a couple who works at the bank vies to see who can recover the most cash \u2013 and the loser must find a new job. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Atomic Puppet","tags":"  Eric Bauza, Lisa Norton, Carlos D\u00edaz, Peter Oldring, Heather Bambrick, Rick Miller, Rob Tinkler, Kristina Nicoll Captain Atomic \u2013 once a superhero, now a sock puppet \u2013 can only activate his powers with the help of Joey, his new partner and biggest fan. action,family,comedyaction,family,comedy"},{"title":"Attacking the Devil: Harold Evans and the Last Nazi War Crime","tags":" David Morris, Jacqui Morris Harold Evans Intrepid newspaper editor Harold Evans wages an ongoing battle to expose the truth about a dangerous drug and obtain compensation for its victims. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Attitude Test","tags":" Fabrizio Copano, Augusto Matte Bel\u00e9n Soto, Denise Rosenthal, Constanza Piccoli, Fabiola Alarc\u00f3n, Lucas Balmaceda, Agust\u00edn Silva, Camilo Carmona, Ingrid Cruz, Elvis Fuentes, Samuel Landea Four high school seniors steal an important college entrance exam and go on vacation to \"study,\" but accidentally lose the exam while partying. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Auschwitz: Blueprints of Genocide","tags":" Mike Rossiter Roy Marsden Newly released KGB files expose evidence proving how architects and engineers conspired with the Nazis to build a camp designed for genocide. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Aussie Gold Hunters","tags":"   Three teams of gold hunters battle all manner of challenges while pursuing their dreams in the Australian Outback. documental,foregin,showdocumental,foregin,show"},{"title":"Automata","tags":" Gabe Ib\u00e1\u00f1ez Antonio Banderas, Dylan McDermott, Melanie Griffith, Birgitte Hjort S\u00f8rensen, Robert Forster, Christa Campbell, Tim McInnerny, Andy Nyman, David Ryall In a dystopian future, an insurance adjuster for a tech company investigates a robot killed for violating protocol and discovers a global conspiracy. foregin,fantasy,suspenseforegin,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Avengers: Infinity War","tags":" Anthony Russo, Joe Russo Robert Downey Jr., Josh Brolin, Mark Ruffalo, Tom Hiddleston, Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth, Jeremy Renner, Chris Pratt, Elizabeth Olsen, Sebastian Stan, Benedict Cumberbatch, Paul Bettany, Cobie Smulders, Benedict Wong, Zoe Saldana, Karen Gillan, Vin Diesel, Dave Bautista, Bradley Cooper, Pom Klementieff, Scarlett Johansson, Benicio Del Toro, Anthony Mackie, Chadwick Boseman, Danai Gurira, Paul Rudd, Don Cheadle, Tom Holland Superheroes amass to stop intergalactic sociopath Thanos from acquiring a full set of Infinity Stones and wiping out half of all life in the universe. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Avicii: True Stories","tags":" Levan Tsikurishvili Avicii Follow the meteoric rise of Tim Bergling, aka Avicii, from Swedish teenager to the creative force behind \"Wake Me Up,\" \"You Make Me\" and other hits. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Azhar","tags":" Anthony D'Souza Emraan Hashmi, Prachi Desai, Nargis Fakhri, Lara Dutta, Kunaal Roy Kapur, Gautam Gulati, Anikie Maguire, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Rajesh Sharma, Shernaz Patel, Veerendra Saxena This biopic traces the tumultuous life and career of top cricket player Mohammad Azharuddin, who led India's national team in the 1990s. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"B.A. Pass","tags":" Ajay Bahl Shadab Kamal, Shilpa Shukla, Rajesh Sharma, Dibyendu Bhattacharya, Vijay Kaushik, Anula Navlekar, Happy Ranjit, Raveena Singh, Padam Mishra Orphaned and at loose ends, young Mukesh falls into the seductive orbit of married Sarika, who leads him ever deeper into a world of sex and betrayal. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Babam ve O\u011flum","tags":" \u00c7agan Irmak \u00c7etin Tekindor, Fikret Ku\u015fkan, H\u00fcmeyra, Ege Tanman, \u015eerif Sezer, Yetkin Dikinciler, Binnur Kaya, Mahmut G\u00f6kg\u00f6z, Nergis \u00c7orak\u00e7i, Bilge Sen Following Turkey's bloody coup of 1980, a widowed reporter returns to his Aegean hometown, bringing his son and a last wish for his estranged father. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Babel","tags":" Alejandro G. I\u00f1\u00e1rritu Brad Pitt, Cate Blanchett, Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal, Koji Yakusho, Adriana Barraza, Rinko Kikuchi, Said Tarchani, Boubker Ait El Caid, Elle Fanning, Nathan Gamble, Mohamed Akhzam When an American couple vacationing in Morocco falls victim to a random act of violence, a series of events unfolds across four countries. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Bachelor Girls","tags":" Shikha Makan  Through intimate interviews, this documentary explores the stigma facing independent women who seek housing in modern Mumbai. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Back and Forth","tags":" Jos\u00e9 Eduardo Belmonte Ingrid Guimar\u00e3es, F\u00e1bio Assun\u00e7\u00e3o, Alice Braga, Rosanne Mulholland, Caroline Abras, Jo\u00e3o Assun\u00e7\u00e3o When their car breaks down en route to S\u00e3o Paulo, a father and son accept a ride from four beautiful telemarketers who are headed there on holiday. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Backcountry","tags":" Adam MacDonald Missy Peregrym, Jeff Roop, Eric Balfour, Nicholas Campbell A weekend hike for urbanites Alex and Jenn takes a dangerous turn when they become lost deep in the remote territory of a menacing bear. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Backfire","tags":" Dave Patten Black Deniro, Byron \"Squally\" Vinson, Dominic Costa, Nick Ferraro, Peter Ferriero, Jowharah Jones When two would-be robbers accidentally kill a made man, they find themselves on the run from the South Philly Italian mob. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Backtrack","tags":" Michael Petroni Adrien Brody, Sam Neill, Robin McLeavy, Bruce Spence, Jenni Baird, Chloe Bayliss, Anna Lise Phillips, George Shevtsov Haunted by visions of the dead, psychologist Peter returns home to confront a long-ago trauma. But will the trip exorcise or embolden the ghosts? drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Bad Boys","tags":" Michael Bay Will Smith, Martin Lawrence, T\u00e9a Leoni, Tch\u00e9ky Karyo, Theresa Randle, Joe Pantoliano, Emmanuel Xuereb, Michael Imperioli, Nestor Serrano, Julio Oscar Mechoso In this fast-paced actioner, two Miami narcotics cops are hot on the trail of a master crook who has snatched $100 million worth of heroin. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Bad Boys II","tags":" Michael Bay Will Smith, Martin Lawrence, Jordi Moll\u00e0, Gabrielle Union, Peter Stormare, Theresa Randle, Joe Pantoliano, Michael Shannon, Jon Seda, Yul Vazquez In this hyperkinetic sequel, a pair of Miami narcotics cops investigate a Cuban drug kingpin's connection to Florida's influx of Ecstasy. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Bad Education","tags":"  Jack Whitehall, Mathew Horne, Sarah Solemani, Michelle Gomez, Nikki Runeckles, Kae Alexander, Layton Williams, Ethan Lawrence, Charlie Wernham, Jack Binstead, Jack Bence, Harry Enfield A history teacher at the posh Abbey Grove, Alfie Wickers is something truly special: He's his school's, if not England's, single worst educator. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Bad Match","tags":" David Chirchirillo Jack Cutmore-Scott, Lili Simmons, Brandon Scott, Chase Williamson, Noureen DeWulf, Seth Morris, Christine Donlon, Trent Haaga, Kahyun Kim, Cynthia Rose Hall, Zedrick Restauro, Eric Podnar A player who uses the internet to facilitate his womanizing ways is tormented when he spurns a persistent woman who won't take no for an answer. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Bad Rap","tags":" Salima Koroma Jonathan Park, Awkwafina, David Lee, Richard Lee Four young Asian-American rappers strive to achieve success on their own terms in a musical genre that often treats them as outsiders. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Badalte Rishton Ki Dastaan","tags":"  Additi Gupta, Sanjeeda Sheikh, Kiran Karmarkar, Abhinav Shukla, Tanushree Kaushal, Mona Ambegaonkar When a man is killed, his wife and his lover \u2013 both of whom are pregnant with his children \u2013 come under the thumb of his brutal, dictatorial father. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Badha","tags":" Sumitra Bhave, Sunil Sukthankar Amruta Subhash, Rajesh More, Devika Daftardar, Renuka Daftardar, Uttara Baokar, Jyoti Subhash, Milind Shinde, Sachin Mondkar A young woman who is suspected of practicing black magic and witchcraft is demonized and forced to live apart from her family. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Badland","tags":" Justin Lee Kevin Makely, Bruce Dern, Mira Sorvino, Trace Adkins, Wes Studi, Tony Todd, Jeff Fahey, James Russo, Amanda Wyss A detective with a license to kill roams the Old West to wrangle Confederate war criminals and meets a pioneer woman who throws his journey off track. dramadrama"},{"title":"Bala Loca","tags":"  Alejandro Goic, Trinidad Gonz\u00e1lez, Ingrid Isensee, Mario Horton, Manuela Oyarz\u00fan, Fernanda Urrejola, Catalina Saavedra, Pablo Schwarz, Aline K\u00fcppenheim, Marcial Tagle, V\u00edctor Quezada, Alfredo Castro, Roberto Far\u00edas, Hugo Medina, Daniel Candia, Mar\u00eda Paz Grandjean, Alejandro Sieveking, Nicol\u00e1s Dur\u00e1n, Sergio Hern\u00e1ndez, Willy Semler, Erto Pantoja A veteran journalist starting a news site about corruption in Chile stumbles on a big story when a fellow investigative reporter dies suspiciously. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Balto","tags":" Simon Wells Kevin Bacon, Bob Hoskins, Bridget Fonda, Jim Cummings, Phil Collins, Jack Angel, Danny Mann, Robbie Rist Balto, who is half wolf and half dog, endures the taunts of disapproving humans as he guides a precious cargo of medicine through the Alaskan winter. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Balto 2: Wolf Quest","tags":" Phil Weinstein Maurice LaMarche, Jodi Benson, Lacey Chabert, David Carradine, Mark Hamill, Charles Fleischer, Peter MacNicol, Rob Paulsen, Nicolette Little, Melanie Stone Half-dog, half-wolf Balto (voiced by Maurice LaMarche) and his wife proudly put their pups up for adoption to humans, but when nobody takes daughter Aleu because she looks too much like a wolf, she runs away to search for her place in the world. familyfamily"},{"title":"Balto 3: Wings of Change","tags":" Phil Weinstein Maurice LaMarche, Sean Astin, Keith Carradine, Charles Fleischer, Jodi Benson, Bill Fagerbakke, Charity James, Kathy Najimy, David Paymer, Jean Smart A pilot challenges Balto's son Kodi and his sled team to see who can deliver the mail faster, but the dogs race to the rescue when the plane vanishes. familyfamily"},{"title":"Balu Mahi","tags":" Haissam Hussain Osman Khalid Butt, Ainy Jaffri, Sadaf Kanwal, Khurram Patras, Ali Sheikh, Zeeshan Ali, Durdana Butt, Shafqat Cheema, Adeel Hashmi, Javed Sheikh Determined to stop his ex-girlfriend from marrying, a young man crashes the wrong wedding and meets a bride looking to run away. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Bana Masal Anlatma","tags":" Burak Aksak Hande Do\u011fandemir, Fatih Artman, Devrim Yakut, Cengiz Bozkurt, Erdal Tosun, Berat Yenilmez, Ercan Yazgan, Sadi Celil Cengiz, Cihan Ercan, Burcu Biricik, Tar\u0131k \u00dcnl\u00fco\u011flu, G\u00fcrkan Uygun, G\u00f6k\u00e7e Bahad\u0131r Minibus driver Riza is a steady presence in his close-knit neighborhood, until he brings home a dreamy beauty and throws everything into chaos. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Band Aid","tags":" Zoe Lister-Jones Zoe Lister-Jones, Adam Pally, Fred Armisen, Susie Essman, Retta, Hannah Simone, Brooklyn Decker, Angelique Cabral, Colin Hanks, Ravi V. Patel, Jamie Chung, Erinn Hayes, Gillian Zinser, Jesse Williams A young married couple tries to save their disintegrating relationship by turning their fights into songs, with the help of an oddball neighbor. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Band of Robbers","tags":" Aaron Nee, Adam Nee Kyle Gallner, Adam Nee, Matthew Gray Gubler, Melissa Benoist, Hannibal Buress, Eric Christian Olsen, Stephen Lang, Daniel Edward Mora, Johnny Pemberton, Cooper Huckabee, Lee Garlington, Beth Grant, Creed Bratton Recast as modern-day men, Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn draft their misfit cronies to help find the buried treasure the two have sought since boyhood. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Bang Rajan 2","tags":" Tanit Jitnukul Puri Hiranyapluek, Paradorn Srichaphan, Chatchai Plengpanich A small but fierce group of resistance fighters engages in a brutal battle to protect their village from an army of Burmese invaders. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Bangkok Hell","tags":" Manop Janjarasskul Chalad Na Songkhla, Sahatchai 'Stop' Chumrum, Pornchai Hongrattanaporn, Kongsak Kaenmeepol, Samart Saengsa-Ngiam, Suthpong Kanithanon When offered a deal to snitch on fellow prisoners, an inmate faces a tough dilemma: act in his own interest, or help those who may need him. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Bangkok Traffic (Love) Story","tags":" Adisorn Tresirikasem Theeradej Wongpuapan, Sirin Horwang, Ungsumalynn Sirapatsakmetha, Panissara Phimpru, Taksaorn Paksukcharern, Charlie Trairat, Kazuki Yano After an encounter with an engineer working the night shift for the city train, a 30-year-old woman struggles against all odds to pursue true love. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Bar\u00e7a Dreams","tags":" Jordi Llompart Johan Cruyff, Andr\u00e9s Iniesta, Gary Lineker, Xavi Hern\u00e1ndez, Lionel Messi, Pau Gasol Explore the history and philosophies behind one of the world's most beloved \u2013 and successful \u2013 soccer franchises: FC Barcelona. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Barah Aana","tags":" Raja Menon Naseeruddin Shah, Arjun Mathur, Vijay Raaz, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Violante Placido, Benjamin Gilani After futile attempts to better their lives with honest work, three broke friends opt for a more dubious means of making money: kidnapping for ransom. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Barbecue","tags":" Matthew Salleh  A blend of cultural nuance and mesmerizing techniques adds flavor to this globe-hopping celebration of cooking, tradition and community. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Barbie & Her Sisters in a Pony Tale","tags":" Kyran Kelly Kelly Sheridan, Kazumi Evans, Claire Corlett, Ashlyn Drummond, Alex Kelly, Tabitha St. Germain, Shannon Chan-Kent Barbie and her sisters set off on a Swiss adventure to the majestic Alps, where they're excited to spend the summer at a fun-filled riding academy! familyfamily"},{"title":"Barbie in A Mermaid Tale","tags":" Adam Wood Kelly Sheridan, Kathleen Barr, Tabitha St. Germain, Peter Mel, Nakia Burrise, Maryke Hendrikse, Emma Pierson, Ciara Janson, Garry Chalk, Nicole Oliver Surf champ Merliah discovers she's actually a mermaid in a girl's body. With the help of a dolphin, Merliah must rescue her mom, the Queen of Oceana. familyfamily"},{"title":"Barbie in Princess Power","tags":" Zeke Norton Kelly Sheridan, Britt Irvin, Michael Kopsa, Rebecca Husain, Kira Tozer A princess with a predictable life finds herself transformed by a magical butterfly's kiss into Super Sparkle, a crime-fighting superhero. familyfamily"},{"title":"Barbie in Rock 'N Royals","tags":" Karen J. Lloyd Kelly Sheridan, Chiara Zanni, Bethany Brown, Devyn Dalton, Michael Dobson, Brynna Drummond, Rachel Harrison, Alessandro Juliani, Peter Kelamis, Omari Newton, Ingrid Nilson, Nicole Oliver, Shaun Smyth, Kira Tozer When royal Princess Courtney trades places with famous rock star Erika, two worlds collide while both learn to appreciate new friends and experiences. familyfamily"},{"title":"Barbie Star Light Adventure","tags":" Andrew Tan, Michael Goguen Erica Lindbeck, Robbie Daymond, Kimberly Woods, Sarah Anne Williams, Michael Chandler, Dwight Schultz, Ben Bledsoe, Jonathan Lipow, Lucien Dodge, Laura Post A hoverboard-riding princess of the cosmos, Barbie must band together with a team of talented new friends to save the stars from winking out. familyfamily"},{"title":"Barbie: A Fairy Secret","tags":" William Lau Diana Kaarina, Adrian Petriw, Britt Irvin, Cassandra Morris, Kate Higgins, Silvio Pollio, Brittney Wilson, Alexandra Carter, Nicole Oliver, Barbara Tyson When devilish fairies capture Ken and fly away with him, Barbie and Raquelle travel to the glittering fairy world of Gloss Angeles to save him. familyfamily"},{"title":"Barbie: Princess Charm School","tags":" Ezekiel Norton Diana Kaarina, Morwenna Banks, Nicole Oliver, Brittney Wilson, Ali Liebert, Shannon Chan-Kent, Madeleine Peters, Cathy Weseluck, Ellen Kennedy, Vincent Tong, Derek Waters, Brian Drummond, Tabitha St. Germain, Bethany Brown, Miranda Nolte, Kelly Metzger, Kazumi Evans, Anna Cummer Blair Willows is excited when she gets to go to Princess Charm School, where she meets princesses Delancy and Hadley, and searches for a magic crown. familyfamily"},{"title":"Barbie: Spy Squad","tags":" Conrad Helten Erica Lindbeck, Stephanie Sheh, Jenny Pellicer, Alyssya Swales, Elizabeth Irving, Brian Dobson, Rebecca Husain, Cathy Weseluck A high-tech spy agency transforms Barbie and her best friends into secret agents, using their gymnastics skills to bring down a cunning cat burglar. familyfamily"},{"title":"Barbie: The Princess & the Popstar","tags":" Ezekiel Norton Kelly Sheridan, Jennifer Waris, Ashleigh Ball, Tiffany Kathryn, Ellie King, Peter Kelamis, Jonathan Holmes, Allison Warnyca, Christopher Gaze, Lauren Lavoie Barbie stars as a princess who would rather sing and dance than be a royal. When a famous pop star visits the kingdom, they decide to switch places. familyfamily"},{"title":"Barbie: Video Game Hero","tags":" Conrad Helten, Ezekiel Norton, Michael Goguen Erica Lindbeck, Sienna Bohn, Shannon Chan-Kent, Michael Dobson, Alyssya Swales, Rebekah Asselstine, Brad Swaile, Sam Vincent, Ingrid Nilson, Nesta Cooper Pulled into her favorite video game, Barbie becomes a fun, roller-skating heroine who's battling a sinister emoji that's trying to take over. familyfamily"},{"title":"Barely Lethal","tags":" Kyle Newman Hailee Steinfeld, Jessica Alba, Samuel L. Jackson, Sophie Turner, Dove Cameron, Toby Sebastian, Gabriel Basso, Thomas Mann, Rachael Harris, Dan Fogler, Steve-O, Rob Huebel, Finesse Mitchell, Jaime King A girl raised to be a government assassin just wants to be a normal teen \u2013 so she runs away and pretends to be a high school exchange student. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Barrio Universitario","tags":" Esteban Vidal Fabrizio Copano, Rodrigo Salinas, Pedro Ruminot, Sergio Freire, Juanita Ringeling, Alessandra Denegri, Luis Dub\u00f3, Felipe Avello Four friends from a humble technical school compete against the elite students of a prestigious university in a robot-building contest. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Barsaat","tags":" Rajkumar Santoshi Twinkle Khanna, Bobby Deol, Danny Denzongpa, Raj Babbar, Ashwin Kaushal, Mukesh Khanna, Harish Patel A na\u00efve young man and a rich city girl fall in love. Her stepfather, however, doesn't approve of the match and will stop at nothing to split the pair. action,foregin,musicaction,foregin,music"},{"title":"BASEketball","tags":" David Zucker Trey Parker, Matt Stone, Dian Bachar, Yasmine Bleeth, Jenny McCarthy, Ernest Borgnine, Robert Vaughn, Trevor Einhorn When two slackers' made-up sport, BASEketball, becomes a national craze, they hope to cash in on the basketball\/baseball hybrid's popularity. comedy,sportscomedy,sports"},{"title":"Basic Instinct","tags":" Paul Verhoeven Michael Douglas, Sharon Stone, George Dzundza, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Denis Arndt, Leilani Sarelle, Bruce A. Young, Chelcie Ross, Dorothy Malone, Wayne Knight, Daniel von Bargen, Stephen Tobolowsky A detective investigating a rock star's brutal murder becomes drawn to the prime suspect \u2014 a mysterious novelist whose recent book mirrors the crime. classic,suspenseclassic,suspense"},{"title":"Bat Pat","tags":"  Rosa Romay, Alberto Escobal, Jaime de Diego, Josu Cubero A curious and talkative bat finds spooky fun on the streets of Fogville, a town that's not as quiet as it seems, with a plucky girl and her brothers. familyfamily"},{"title":"Bates Motel","tags":"  Vera Farmiga, Freddie Highmore, Max Thieriot, Olivia Cooke, Nicola Peltz, Nestor Carbonell, Mike Vogel, Keegan Connor Tracy When his father dies, Norman Bates and his mother open a hotel. But Norman's precarious mental state drives them down a dark and violent path. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Bathtubs Over Broadway","tags":" Dava Whisenant Steve Young A comedy writer for David Letterman unearths a hidden world of hilariously bizarre musicals, which turns into a toe-tapping obsession. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Battle Creek","tags":"  Josh Duhamel, Dean Winters, Aubrey Dollar, Edward Fordham Jr., Kal Penn, Janet McTeer, Liza Lapira, Damon Herriman, Meredith Eaton A polished FBI agent must team up with a cynical cop when he's dispatched to Battle Creek, Michigan, to set up an office at the local precinct. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Battlefield Recovery","tags":"   A four-man team heads to Latvia and Poland to unearth rare World War II artifacts and shed new light on the bloody battles of the Eastern Front. foregin,documental,showforegin,documental,show"},{"title":"Bawarchi","tags":" Hrishikesh Mukherjee Rajesh Khanna, A.K. Hangal, Durga Khote, Jaya Bhaduri, Kali Bannerjee, Usha Kiran, Asrani, Paintal A dysfunctional middle-class family is transformed by the attentions of their talented new chef \u2013 until he vanishes along with their valuable jewels. classic,comedy,dramaclassic,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Bazaar","tags":" Sagar Sarhadi Farooq Shaikh, Smita Patil, Naseeruddin Shah, Bharat Kapoor, Supriya Pathak, Rita Rani Kaul, Malika A young man challenges traditional customs by standing up to the father of the woman he loves, who has promised her to a wealthy expatriate. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Be Here Now","tags":" Lilibet Foster Andy Whitfield Trace the brave journey of actor Andy Whitfield, who received a devastating cancer diagnosis while starring in the series \"Spartacus: Blood and Sand.\" documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Be Somebody","tags":" Joshua Caldwell Matthew Espinosa, Sarah Jeffery, Allison Paige, Tava Smiley, Caitlin Keats, LaMonica Garrett, Mahaley Patel, Mason McCulley, Liana Ramirez To escape the stress of fame, teen pop star Jordan goes incognito in a small town, where he forms a special bond with high school art student Emily. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Be-Be-Bears","tags":"  Nataliya Medvedeva, Polina Kutepova Bear buddies Bucky and Bjorn play games, go on far-out adventures and learn about wondrous new things together. familyfamily"},{"title":"Beak & Brain: Genius Birds From Down Under","tags":" Volker Arzt, Angelika Sigl  Whoever came up with the term \"bird brain\" never met these feathered thinkers, who use their claws and beaks to solve puzzles, make tools and more. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Bean: The Ultimate Disaster Movie","tags":" Mel Smith Rowan Atkinson, Peter MacNicol, John Mills, Pamela Reed, Harris Yulin, Burt Reynolds, Larry Drake, Danny Goldring, Johnny Galecki, Chris Ellis, Andrew Lawrence, Peter Egan, Peter Capaldi, June Brown, Peter James, Sandra Oh Disaster-prone Mr. Bean is sent to Los Angeles to guard a famous painting, but as he's unfit for any physical task, everything goes hilariously wrong. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Beary Tales","tags":"   A well-known wildlife photographer living alone in the Bohemian Forest finds himself playing mama bear to a pair of abandoned cubs. family,documental,foreginfamily,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Beast Legends","tags":"  Steve Leonard, Francis Manapul, Kathryn Denning, Scott Edwards, Mike Paixao A diverse crew of experts dive deep into the origin stories of mythological monsters before building replicas of the creatures using 3D CGI technology. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Beating Again","tags":"  Kyung-ho Jung, So-yeon Kim, Hyun-min Yoon, Goo Jin, Hyun-joo Gong, Si-eon Lee, Yeong-gyu Park, Seok-Hwan An, Myung-Ryul Nam, Eun-ji Jo After enduring both business and family upheavals, a ruthless investment director has a heart transplant and finds a new way to look at life and love. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Beauty & the Beast","tags":"  Kristin Kreuk, Jay Ryan, Max Brown, Austin Basis, Nina Lisandrello, Brian White, Sendhil Ramamurthy A homicide detective and a veteran who has been turned into a beast by a military experiment gone awry become allies after they meet by chance. action,romance,dramaaction,romance,drama"},{"title":"Beavis and Butt-head Do America","tags":" Mike Judge Mike Judge, Bruce Willis, Demi Moore, Cloris Leachman, Robert Stack, Jacqueline Barba, Pamela Blair, Eric Bogosian, Kristofor Brown, Tony Darling, David Letterman After realizing that their boob tube is gone, Beavis and Butt-head set off on an expedition that takes them from Las Vegas to the nation's capital. comedy,classiccomedy,classic"},{"title":"Bebe's Kids","tags":" Bruce W. Smith Faizon Love, Vanessa Bell Calloway, Wayne Collins, Jonell Green, Marques Houston, Tone-Loc, Myra J., Nell Carter When ladies' man Robin meets Jamika, he falls head over heels, but she greets him with four surprises: her son and her girlfriend Bebe's three kids. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Because of Soccer","tags":" Agasyah Karim, Khalid Kashogi Herjunot Ali, Winky Wiryawan, Erly Ashy, Laura Basuki, Tarzan, Aida Nurmala, Otto Djauhari, Indra Herlambang After losing a World Cup bet, two hapless buddies must use their wits to pay off their debt to a big Jakarta bookie in this action-packed comedy. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Because We're Heading Out","tags":" Khaled El Halafawy Hassan El Raddad, Emy Samir Ghanim, Bayyumi Fuad, Taher Abu Lela, Nesreen Ameen, Mourad Makram, Diaa El-Merghani, Juditta Salem-Wolff Trouble and high jinks ensue when a man and woman stumble on a bag full of money while out on the town. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Becoming Jane","tags":" Julian Jarrold Anne Hathaway, James McAvoy, Julie Walters, James Cromwell, Maggie Smith, Laurence Fox, Ian Richardson A passionate romance with roguish barrister Tom Lefroy serves as the inspiration for the works of budding novelist Jane Austen. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Bedtime Stories","tags":" Adam Shankman Adam Sandler, Keri Russell, Guy Pearce, Russell Brand, Richard Griffiths, Jonathan Pryce, Courteney Cox, Lucy Lawless, Teresa Palmer, Aisha Tyler, Laura Ann Kesling, Jackie Sandler, Lorna Scott, Dana Min Goodman, Andrew Collins, Jonathan Loughran, Jonathan Morgan Heit, Nick Swardson, Tim Herlihy, Billy Tyler, Johntae Lipscomb, Mikey Post, Sebastian Saraceno, Bill Romanowski, Sadie Sandler, Carmen Electra, Allen Covert, Kathryn Joosten, Annalise Basso, Blake Clark, Julia Lea Wolov, Sarah G. Buxton Skeeter's life is turned upside down when the fantastical stories he makes up to entertain his niece and nephew inexplicably turn into reality. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Before the Flood","tags":" Fisher Stevens Leonardo DiCaprio Leonardo DiCaprio crisscrosses the globe to investigate the consequences of man-made globe warming and the measures being taken to reverse it. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Behind \"The Cove\": The Quiet Japanese Speak Out","tags":" Keiko Yagi  After a documentary about the Japanese whaling industry garnered international attention, an amateur filmmaker decides to tell the rest of the story. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Behind the Curtain: Todrick Hall","tags":" Katherine Fairfax Wright Todrick Hall Follow singer and YouTube sensation Todrick Hall as he launches an original musical based on growing up gay in Texas and finding showbiz success. documental,lgbt,musicdocumental,lgbt,music"},{"title":"Behzat \u00c7.","tags":"  Erdal Be\u015fik\u00e7io\u011flu, Fatih Artman, \u0130nan\u00e7 Konuk\u00e7u, Seda Bakan, Berkan \u015eal, Ay\u00e7a Eren, Berke \u00dczrek, Canan Erg\u00fcder, Ege Aydan, Eray Eserol, Hakan Hatipo\u011flu An Ankara homicide detective with a dark personal life and a disdain for rules and political correctness solves murders and fights police corruption. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Beiimaan Love","tags":" Rajeev Chaudhari Sunny Leone, Rajneesh Duggal, Rajeev Verma, Daniel Weber, Yuvraj Siddharth Singh, Ziesha Nancy After having her heart broken by a man who seduced her at a party, a young, ambitious woman concocts a scheme to get revenge. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Being AP","tags":" Anthony Wonke Tony McCoy With retirement staring him in the face, an all-time-great jump jockey pursues his 20th consecutive title in his unrelenting quest for glory. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Being Mary Jane: The Series","tags":"  Gabrielle Union, Lisa Vidal, Margaret Avery, Omari Hardwick, Latarsha Rose, Aaron D. Spears, B.J. Britt, Raven Goodwin, Richard Roundtree Ambitious single TV journalist Mary Jane attempts to balance her career with her overbearing family and an increasingly messy love life. romance,dramaromance,drama"},{"title":"Below Her Mouth","tags":" April Mullen Erika Linder, Natalie Krill, Sebastian Pigott, Mayko Nguyen, Tommie-Amber Pirie, Melanie Leishman, Andrea Stefancikova, Daniela Barbosa An engaged fashion editor begins a torrid affair with a female roofer that threatens to turn both of their lives upside down. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Ben 10","tags":"  Tara Strong, Montse Hernandez, David Kaye, Roger Craig Smith, Todd Haberkorn, Dwight Schultz, Daryl Sabara Ben can transform into ten types of aliens. He'll try 'em all while adventuring across the country with his cousin Gwen and Grandpa Max. familyfamily"},{"title":"Beneath the Leaves","tags":" Adam Marino Mira Sorvino, Kristoffer Polaha, Doug Jones, Paul Sorvino, Aaron Farb, Ser'Darius Blain, Christopher Backus, Christopher Masterson, Tommy Kijas, Kee Seymore, Marla Adams An escaped psychopathic child killer faces off against one of his former victims, who has since become a hard-nosed detective. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Benji: Off the Leash","tags":" Joe Camp Nick Whitaker, Chris Kendrick, Randall Newsome, Duane Stephens, Lincoln Hoppe, Christy Summerhays, Scott Wilkinson Benji is back in this charming story that's told from the pooch's point of view, tracking his early days as a pup to his current life in showbiz. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Benji's Very Own Christmas Story","tags":" Joe Camp Ron Moody, Patsy Garrett, Cynthia Smith While on a press tour, Benji goes behind the scenes of Santa's workshop. But Santa has a devastating secret, so it's up to Benji to save Christmas. familyfamily"},{"title":"Berlin Kaplani","tags":" Hakan Alg\u00fcl Ata Demirer, Necati Bilgi\u00e7, Tar\u0131k \u00dcnl\u00fco\u011flu, \u00d6zlem T\u00fcrkad, Nihal Yal\u00e7\u0131n, Cemil \u00d6zbayer, Cengiz Bozkurt, Orhan G\u00fcner, Mert Aran After a losing streak puts him in debt of 50,000 euros to his sponsors, an unlikely Turkish-German boxer in Berlin finds himself in need of a miracle. comedy,foregin,sportscomedy,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Berlin, I Love You","tags":"   Set in the Grey City, this \"Cities of Love\" installment is a star-studded, 10-story collection of redemptive love, crushing loss and everyday romances. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Betting on Zero","tags":" Ted Braun William Ackman This documentary dives into the complex world of Herbalife, the international nutritional products company accused of being a pyramid scheme. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Bewafaa","tags":" Dharmesh Darshan Anil Kapoor, Akshay Kumar, Kareena Kapoor, Sushmita Sen, Shamita Shetty, Manoj Bajpayee, Kabir Bedi, Nafisa Ali, Supriya Pathak, Raj Premi, Supriya Karnik A young woman faces pressure to marry her brother-in-law, after her sister dies while giving birth. But she's secretly in love with someone else. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Bewildered Bolbol","tags":" Khaled Marei Ahmed Helmy, Zeina, Shery Adel, Emy Samir Ghanim, Yousef Fawzy, Yasser El Tobgy, Wael Sami, Maryam Saleh A man suffering from amnesia can't seem to choose between the women playing tricks on him. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Beyblade: Metal Fusion","tags":"  Aki Kanada, Satoshi Hino, Emiri Kato, Kei Shindo, Robert Tinkler, Peter Cugno, Lisette St. Louis, Barbara Mamabolo In this anime adventure series for kids, the forces of good and evil \"blade it out,\" battling each other with enchanted spinning tops. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Beyond All Boundaries","tags":" Sushrut Jain Kunal Nayyar As the 2011 Cricket World Cup begins, three Indians demonstrate their passion and the sacrifices they've made for the country's most popular sport. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Beyond the Clouds","tags":" Majid Majidi Ishaan Khattar, Malavika Mohanan, Goutam Ghose, Sharada, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Shashank Shende, Hema Singh, Akash Gopal A youthful drug dealer in Mumbai must change his ways when the sister who raised him is assaulted by her boss and imprisoned for defending herself. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Bh Se Bhade","tags":"  Deven Bhojani, Suchita Trivedi, Sarita Joshi, Varun Khandelwal, Bhavna Khatri, Dushyant Wagh, Gulfam Khan, Atul Parchure A kind-hearted insurance agent has the mysterious power to temporarily shoulder the problems and pain of others, with comic results in his own life. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Bhaage Re Mann","tags":"  Karuna Pandey, Chandan Anand, Kanika Shivpuri, Ved Thappar, Nupur Alankar, Tarun Mehta, Priya Marathe, Vasundhara Kaul, Ankit Narang, Arshima Thapar An impulsive, free-spirited woman who's defied convention for much of her life suddenly finds herself flirting with a classic romance. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Bhagam Bhag","tags":" Priyadarshan Akshay Kumar, Govinda, Lara Dutta, Paresh Rawal, Rajpal Yadav, Jackie Shroff, Arbaaz Khan, Tanushree Dutta, Asrani, Shakti Kapoor A theater group lands in trouble when its new actress takes her own life, two of its members are framed for murder and no one is who they appear to be. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Bhool Bhulaiyaa","tags":" Priyadarshan Akshay Kumar, Vidya Balan, Ameesha Patel, Shiney Ahuja, Paresh Rawal, Rajpal Yadav, Manoj Joshi, Asrani, Vikram Gokhale, Rasika Joshi Siddharth dismisses warnings that his palace might be haunted, until ghostly occurrences force him to reconsider his beliefs. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Bhoot","tags":" Ram Gopal Varma Ajay Devgn, Urmila Matondkar, Nana Patekar, Rekha, Fardeen Khan, Victor Banerjee, Tanuja, Seema Biswas After a couple moves into an apartment, the wife\u2019s increasingly disturbing behavior unravels chilling secrets about their new home\u2019s past. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Bhouri","tags":" Jasbir Bijendra Bhati Raghuvir Yadav, Masha Paur, Mohan Joshi, Manoj Joshi, Mukesh Tiwari, Shakti Kapoor, Sitaram Panchal, Kunika Lall A 23-year-old girl who's married to a man more than twice her age is forced to contend with the predatory nature of a male-dominated society. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Big Bad Beetleborgs","tags":"  Wesley Barker, Herbie Baez, Elisabeth Lund, Shannon Chandler, Billy Forester, Frank Addela, Kyle Jordan, Dave 'Foots' Footman, Derek Stephen Prince, Vivian Smallwood When three teens free a spirit that offers to grant each a wish, they choose to become their favorite superheroes, launching a series of adventures. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Big Bear","tags":" Joey Kern Joey Kern, Adam Brody, Zachary Knighton, Tyler Labine, Pablo Schreiber, Toby Huss, Heidi Heaslet, Ahna O'Reilly The alcohol-fueled high jinks of a bachelor party go haywire when the buddies of an ill-fated groom abduct his fianc\u00e9e's new lover. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Big Daddy","tags":" Dennis Dugan Adam Sandler, Joey Lauren Adams, Jon Stewart, Cole Sprouse, Dylan Sprouse, Josh Mostel, Leslie Mann, Allen Covert, Rob Schneider, Kristy Swanson Dumped by his girlfriend because he refuses to accept responsibility, overgrown adolescent Sonny Koufax adopts a 5-year-old to prove he's a grownup. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Big Dreams, Small Spaces","tags":"  Monty Don Writer and presenter Monty Don helps England's budding horticulturists plant and grow the gardens of their dreams. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Big Fat Liar","tags":" Shawn Levy Frankie Muniz, Paul Giamatti, Amanda Bynes, Amanda Detmer, Donald Faison, Sandra Oh, Russell Hornsby, Michael Bryan French, Christine Tucci, Lee Majors, John Cho Junior high students Jason and Kaylee take action when a greedy Hollywood producer turns Jason's essay into a hit film without giving him credit. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Big Kill","tags":" Scott Martin Christoph Sanders, Jason Patric, Clint Glenn Hummel, Lou Diamond Phillips, Danny Trejo, Scott Martin, Elizabeth McLaughlin, Stephanie Beran, K.C. Clyde, Michael Par\u00e9 A tenderfoot and two gamblers seeking their fortunes in a boom town instead find themselves defending it from a gunslinging preacher and his gang. actionaction"},{"title":"Big Time","tags":" Kaspar Astrup Schr\u00f6der Bjarke Ingels In this documentary, architect Bjarke Ingels offers his vision for 2 World Trade Center as he aims to restore Manhattan's skyline to its former glory. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Bigger Fatter Liar","tags":" Ron Oliver Ricky Garcia, Jodelle Ferland, Barry Bostwick, Fiona Vroom, Kevin O'Grady, Karen Holness When his video game concept is stolen by a dishonest executive, a teenage chronic liar sets out to prove that he's telling the truth, for once. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Biggie & Tupac","tags":" Nick Broomfield Nick Broomfield British documentarian Nick Broomfield investigates the murders of rappers Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls, digging up some surprises in the process. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Bill Burr: Let It Go","tags":" Shannon Hartman Bill Burr The musings of comedian Bill Burr are let loose in this special, which was filmed at the historic Fillmore Auditorium in San Francisco. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Billy Elliot","tags":" Stephen Daldry Jamie Bell, Gary Lewis, Stuart Wells, Billy Fane, Colin MacLachlan, Nicola Blackwell, Carol McGuigan, Joe Renton, Janine Birkett, Charlie Hardwick, Mike Elliot, Jean Heywood, Jamie Draven, Julie Walters, Trevor Fox, Adam Cooper When a boy trades boxing school for ballet lessons, he may take his newfound talent all the way to the top - and win over his disapproving father. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Billy Graham: An Extraordinary Journey","tags":" Vonda Harrell, Daniel Camenisch Billy Graham, Jeff Hoyt, Tom Brokaw, Greta Van Susteren, Diane Sawyer, Larry King, George Bush Sr., George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, Franklin Graham This documentary recounts the life story of evangelist preacher Billy Graham featuring interviews with family members and former presidents. documental,religiondocumental,religion"},{"title":"Bilu Rakkhosh","tags":" Indrasis Acharya Joy Sengupta, Koneenica Banerjee, Kanchana Moitra, Pradip Mukherjee Torn between his demanding corporate career, his passion for music and his turbulent family life, a man struggles to keep his inner demons in check. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Bioscope","tags":" Gajendra Ahire, Viju Mane, Girish Mohite, Ravi Jadhav Nina Kulkarni, Suhas Palshikar, Kushal Badrike, Spruha Joshi, Mangesh Desai, Smita Tambe, Veena Jamkar, Sandeep Khare Inspired by classic and contemporary literature, four renowned Marathi directors create four individual stories in this anthology of short films. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Birthmarked","tags":" Emanuel Hoss-Desmarais Toni Collette, Matthew Goode, Andreas Apergis, Michael Smiley, Fionnula Flanagan, Suzanne Cl\u00e9ment, Jordan Poole, Megan O'Kelly, Anton Gillis-Adelman, Tyrone Benskin, Vincent Hoss-Desmarais In an attempt to settle the \"nature vs. nurture\" debate, a scientist couple raises three children to live lives that defy their genetic dispositions. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Bitch","tags":" Marianna Palka Jason Ritter, Jaime King, Marianna Palka, Brighton Sharbino, Rio Mangini, Jason Maybaum, Kingston Foster, Arielle Kebbel, Martin Starr, Roger Guenveur Smith, Caroline Aaron, Bill Smitrovich Cracking under the demands of children and a philandering, thankless husband, an overworked suburban mother assumes the persona of a ferocious dog. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bitcoin Heist","tags":" Ham Tran Kate Nhung, Thanh Pham, Petey Majik Nguyen, Suboi, Jayvee Mai The Hiep, Lam Thanh My A unconventional, efficient Interpol special agent goes rogue and assembles a team of thieves to catch a shadowy hacker called \"The Ghost.\" action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Bitten","tags":"  Laura Vandervoort, Greyston Holt, Greg Bryk, Steve Lund, Paul Greene, Michael Xavier, Genelle Williams Elena Michaels tries to stray from the pack of werewolves that turned her into a monster, but her efforts are thwarted by a string of grisly murders. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Bitter Daisies","tags":" Miguel Conde Mar\u00eda Mera, Toni Salgado, Miquel Insua, Denis G\u00f3mez, Luc\u00eda \u00c1lvarez, Sara Sanz, Jimmy N\u00fa\u00f1ez, Paloma Saavedra, Manuel Cort\u00e9s, Yelena Molina, Ricardo de Barreiro, Nerea Barros, Santiago Cuquejo, Martina Stetson, Carlos Villarino While investigating the disappearance of a teen girl in a tight-knit Galician town, a Civil Guard officer uncovers secrets linked to a loss of her own. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Bittoo Boss","tags":" Supavitra Babul Pulkit Samrat, Ashok Pathak, Tanvir Singh, Amita Pathak, Sunil Shetty, Rajendra Sethi, Mohan Kapoor When a small-town wedding videographer falls in love, he decides he needs to make more money and turns to shooting sexy videos \u2013 with mixed results. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Black & Privileged: Volume 1","tags":" Mark Harris Dawnisha Halfkenny, Simeon Henderson, Corey Hendrix, Malcom Banks, Nadia Simms, Brian White, Brely Evans, Cynda Williams, Carl Anthony Payne II When low-income families move into a thriving black community in Chicago, they find themselves at odds with politicians to maintain their status. dramadrama"},{"title":"Black Hawk Down","tags":" Ridley Scott Josh Hartnett, Ewan McGregor, Tom Sizemore, Eric Bana, William Fichtner, Ewen Bremner, Sam Shepard, Gabriel Casseus, Kim Coates, Hugh Dancy, Ron Eldard, Ioan Gruffudd, Tom Guiry, Charlie Hofheimer, Danny Hoch, Jason Isaacs, Zeljko Ivanek, Glenn Morshower, Jeremy Piven, Brendan Sexton III When U.S. forces attempt to capture two underlings of a Somali warlord, their helicopters are shot down and the Americans suffer heavy casualties. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Black Heart","tags":"  Bar\u0131\u015f K\u0131l\u0131\u00e7, Tuvana T\u00fcrkay, Serhat Tutumluer, G\u00fcl\u00e7in Sant\u0131rc\u0131o\u011flu, Kenan Bal Blaming a crooked media mogul for the death of his journalist sister, a surgeon enlists the help of a beautiful psychologist to get revenge. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Black Man White Skin","tags":" Jose Manuel Col\u00f3n  This film chronicles the health and social problems that African albinos face and details the fight waged on their behalf by advocacy groups in Spain. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Black Panther","tags":" Ryan Coogler Chadwick Boseman, Michael B. Jordan, Lupita Nyong'o, Danai Gurira, Martin Freeman, Daniel Kaluuya, Letitia Wright, Winston Duke, Sterling K. Brown, Angela Bassett, Forest Whitaker, Andy Serkis, Florence Kasumba, John Kani, David S. Lee, Stan Lee T'Challa, the superpowered new leader of the hidden, highly advanced African nation of Wakanda, strives to protect his home from enemies old and new. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Black Site Delta","tags":" Jesse Gustafson Cam Gigandet, Teri Reeves, Michael Dale, Dion Mucciacito, Casey Hendershot, Benjamin Charles Watson, John Brodsky, Arash Mokhtar After discovering that their secret military prison is under attack by terrorists, a ragtag group of inmates does their best to neutralize the enemy. actionaction"},{"title":"Black Snake Moan","tags":" Craig Brewer Samuel L. Jackson, Christina Ricci, Justin Timberlake, S. Epatha Merkerson, John Cothran, David Banner, Michael Raymond-James, Adriane Lenox, Kim Richards, Neimus K. Williams Lazarus finds Rae beaten and near death, and acts as a father figure to help redeem her. But before saving anyone, Lazarus must face his own demons. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Black Snow","tags":" Martin Hodara Ricardo Dar\u00edn, Leonardo Sbaraglia, Laia Costa, Federico Luppi, Dolores Fonzi, Andr\u00e9s Herrera An old tragedy and lingering animosity erupt when a man returns to Patagonia to convince his estranged brother to sell the family's isolated property. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Blackfish","tags":" Gabriela Cowperthwaite  This fascinating documentary examines the life of performing killer whale Tilikum, who has caused the deaths of several people while in captivity. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Blackway","tags":" Daniel Alfredson Anthony Hopkins, Julia Stiles, Alexander Ludwig, Ray Liotta, Hal Holbrook, Lochlyn Munro, Steve Bacic, Aaron Pearl, Aleks Paunovic Menaced by a psychopath who's got the local cops scared, waitress Lillian turns to a mysterious old logger to help her turn the tables on her stalker. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Blaze","tags":" Ethan Hawke Benjamin Dickey, Alia Shawkat, Josh Hamilton, Charlie Sexton, Sam Rockwell, Wyatt Russell, Steve Zahn, Kris Kristofferson, Richard Linklater, David Kallaway, Ritchie Montgomery An influential, if unsung country songwriter reflects on his career, and how the love of his life drove him to write his most personal music. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Bleed for This","tags":" Ben Younger Miles Teller, Aaron Eckhart, Katey Sagal, Ciar\u00e1n Hinds, Ted Levine, Jordan Gelber, Amanda Clayton, Daniel Sauli, Christine Evangelista, Tina Casciani After a devastating injury derails his career, scrappy world champion boxer Vinny Pazienza determines to make an against-all-odds comeback. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Blinky Bill: The Movie","tags":" Deane Taylor Ryan Kwanten, Rufus Sewell, Toni Collette, Robin McLeavy, David Wenham, Barry Humphries, Richard Roxburgh, Deborah Mailman, Barry Otto Happy koala Blinky Bill and some spunky pals travel the Outback following clues to help him find his long-lost father and finally bring him home. familyfamily"},{"title":"Blockbuster","tags":" July Hygreck Syrus Shahidi, Lionel Abelanski, Charlotte Gabris, Tom Hygreck, Sylvain Quimene, Laura Boujenah, Foed Amara Dumped over a video he made to amuse his ailing dad, a heartsick J\u00e9r\u00e9my hatches an elaborate scheme to win back his superhero-loving girlfriend, Lola. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Blood & Treasures","tags":"  Nawat Kulrattanarak, Woranuch Wongsawan, Jespipat Tilapornputt, Paramej Noiam, Phutharit Prombandal Condemned by a centuries-old vow to protect her kingdom's treasures, an embittered spirit returns to seek justice against the man who wronged her. foregin,drama,fantasyforegin,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Blood Father","tags":" Jean-Fran\u00e7ois Richet Mel Gibson, Erin Moriarty, Diego Luna, Michael Parks, William H. Macy, Miguel Sandoval, Dale Dickey, Richard Cabral, Daniel Moncada, Ryan Dorsey An ex-convict and estranged father finds the chance to prove himself when his daughter seeks his help shaking off a dangerous group of drug dealers. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Blow","tags":" Ted Demme Johnny Depp, Pen\u00e9lope Cruz, Franka Potente, Rachel Griffiths, Paul Reubens, Jordi Moll\u00e0, Cliff Curtis, Miguel Sandoval, Ethan Suplee, Ray Liotta Cocaine smuggler George rises from poverty to become one of the biggest drug dealers in America before his eventual downfall. dramadrama"},{"title":"Blue Is the Warmest Color","tags":" Abdellatif Kechiche L\u00e9a Seydoux, Ad\u00e8le Exarchopoulos, Salim Kechiouche, Aur\u00e9lien Recoing, Catherine Sal\u00e9e, Benjamin Siksou, Mona Walravens, Alma Jodorowsky, J\u00e9r\u00e9mie Laheurte, Anne Loiret, Beno\u00eet Pilot, Sandor Funtek, Fanny Maurin Determined to fall in love, 15-year-old Adele is focused on boys. But it's a blue-haired girl she meets on the street who really piques her interest. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Blue Jasmine","tags":" Woody Allen Cate Blanchett, Sally Hawkins, Alec Baldwin, Louis C.K., Bobby Cannavale, Andrew Dice Clay, Peter Sarsgaard, Michael Stuhlbarg, Tammy Blanchard, Max Casella, Alden Ehrenreich The high life leads to high anxiety for a fashionable New York City homemaker in crisis who finds herself forced to live a more modest lifestyle. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Blue Mountain State: The Rise of Thadland","tags":" Lev L. Spiro Alan Ritchson, Darin Brooks, James Cade, Rob Ramsay, Chris Romano, Frankie Shaw, Omari Newton, Ed Marinaro, Dhani Jones, Ed Amatrudo, Jimmy Tatro New NFL star Thad buys his old teammates' beloved frat house, renames it Thadland and throws the raunchiest, most debauched party in school history. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Blue Planet II","tags":"  David Attenborough This sequel to the award-winning nature series \"Blue Planet\" dives beneath Earth's oceans to reveal the dazzling vistas and amazing creatures there. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Blue Ruin","tags":" Jeremy Saulnier Macon Blair, Devin Ratray, Amy Hargreaves, Kevin Kolack, Eve Plumb, David W. Thompson, Brent Werzner, Stacy Rock, Sidn\u00e9 Anderson, Sandy Barnett, Bonnie Johnson Bad news from the past unhinges vagabond Dwight Evans, sending him on a mission of bloody retribution that takes him to his childhood hometown. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Blue Streak","tags":" Les Mayfield Martin Lawrence, Luke Wilson, Peter Greene, Dave Chappelle, Nicole Ari Parker, Graham Beckel, Robert Miranda, Olek Krupa, Saverio Guerra, Richard C. Sarafian, William Forsythe A jewel thief returns to his hiding place after a stint in jail \u2014 only to find that his diamond is buried under a newly constructed police station. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Blue Valentine","tags":" Derek Cianfrance Ryan Gosling, Michelle Williams, Faith Wladyka, John Doman, Mike Vogel, Ben Shenkman, Jen Jones, Maryann Plunkett, Marshall Johnson, James Benatti, Barbara Troy, Carey Westbrook, Enid Graham As Cindy and Dean muddle through their languishing marriage, they hearken back to the golden days when life was filled with possibility and romance. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Blurred Lines: Inside the Art World","tags":" Barry Avrich  Artists and industry insiders shed light on the commercial forces behind the veneer of genius and glamour that often shrouds contemporary art. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Bob Lazar: Area 51 & Flying Saucers","tags":" Jeremy Kenyon Lockyer Corbell Robert Lazar Decades ago, Bob Lazar blew the whistle on Area 51. Now he\u2019s back to explain the alien tech he worked with, and the government's war to shut him up. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Bob's Broken Sleigh","tags":" Jay Surridge Cole Howard, Bruce Greenwood, Victor Garber, Michael Adamthwaite, Raini Rodriguez, Colin Murdock, Maryke Hendrikse, Sam Vincent, Gabe Khouth An overly eager elf improves Santa's sleigh, but when he crash lands far from home, three odd critters pitch in to send him back to the North Pole. familyfamily"},{"title":"Bobbi Jene","tags":" Elvira Lind Bobbi Jene Smith This candid profile follows dancer Bobbi Jene Smith as she leaves the company of Israeli choreographer Ohad Naharin to forge her own artistic path. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Bobby","tags":" Raj Kapoor Rishi Kapoor, Dimple Kapadia, Pran, Prem Nath, Sonia Sahni, Durga Khote, Aruna Irani, Prem Chopra, Farida Jalal Raj, the son of strict, wealthy parents, falls in love with Bobby, the daughter of a poor Christian fisherman \u2013 a romance his parents oppose. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Bobby Robson: More Than a Manager","tags":" Gabriel Clarke, Torquil Jones Bobby Robson Explore the life and times of legendary soccer manager Bobby Robson, whose keen mind for the game was matched only by his devotion to his teams. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Bobby Sands: 66 Days","tags":" Brendan Byrne  In 1981, an imprisoned Irish Republican Army soldier went on a hunger strike that galvanized his movement and made him a controversial global icon. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Bokeh","tags":" Geoffrey Orthwein, Andrew Sullivan Maika Monroe, Matt O'Leary, Arnar J\u00f3nsson, Gunnar Helgason, Berglind R\u00f3s Sigur\u00f0ard\u00f3ttir After learning they are the sole survivors of an eerie apocalypse, a young American couple on vacation in Iceland ponder their love and the future. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Bolt","tags":" Byron Howard, Chris Williams John Travolta, Miley Cyrus, Susie Essman, Mark Walton, Malcolm McDowell, James Lipton, Greg Germann, Diedrich Bader, Nick Swardson, J.P. Manoux, Dan Fogelman, Kari Wahlgren, Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz, Randy Savage, Ronn Moss, John DiMaggio, Daran Norris, Jeff Bennett, Brian Stepanek, Todd Cummings This tale follows German shepherd Bolt, a canine actor who makes a cross-country trek when he's mistakenly shipped from Hollywood to New York City. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story","tags":" Alexandra Dean Hedy Lamarr An unearthed audio interview of Hollywood icon Hedy Lamarr reveals a woman with brains as well as beauty, who was the first to patent frequency hopping. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Bon Bini Holland","tags":" Jelle de Jonge Jandino Asporaat, Liliana de Vries, Teun Kuilboer, Sergio IJssel, Dennis Rudge, Alpha Oumar Barry, Phi Nguyen On the island of Cura\u00e7ao, an amiable scam artist angers gangsters and flees to Holland, where his conscience is torn between a woman and a new scheme. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Bondi Rescue","tags":"  Andrew G\u00fcnsberg, Dean Gladstone, Bruce Hopkins, Trent 'Maxi' Maxwell, Andrew Reid, Ryan Clark, Chris Chapman, Anthony 'Harries' Caroll This reality series follows elite professional lifeguards on Sydney's Bondi Beach, as they take on everything from animal stings to criminals. showshow"},{"title":"Bonnie and Clyde","tags":" Arthur Penn Warren Beatty, Faye Dunaway, Michael J. Pollard, Gene Hackman, Estelle Parsons, Denver Pyle, Dub Taylor, Evans Evans, Gene Wilder Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow are young, in love and on the run during a bullet-riddled bank robbery spree across Depression-ravaged America. action,classic,dramaaction,classic,drama"},{"title":"Boom","tags":" Kaizad Gustad Amitabh Bachchan, Gulshan Grover, Jackie Shroff, Javed Jaffrey, Katrina Kaif, Madhu Sapre, Padma Lakshmi, Seema Biswas, Zeenat Aman, Boman Irani Following a fashion show mishap, three supermodels find themselves on the run from dangerous gangsters trying to recover a fortune in stolen diamonds. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Borderline","tags":"  David Avery, Jackie Clune, David Elms, Liz Kingsman, Jamie Michie A team of inept border agents tackles immigration issues at the fictional Northend Airport in this improvised mockumentary series. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Born Strong","tags":" Gary Cohen, Ross Hockrow Eddie Hall, Haf\u00fe\u00f3r J\u00fal\u00edus Bj\u00f6rnsson, Brian Shaw, Zydrunas Savickas Four 400-pound giants fight for the crown at the Arnold Strongman Classic and offer a glimpse into their lives leading up to the competition. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Born to Be Free","tags":" Gayane Petrosyan Casting a light on the mistreatment of sea mammals, this documentary follows the plight of 18 Beluga whales kept in captivity for years. Casting a light on the mistreatment of sea mammals, this documentary follows the plight of 18 Beluga whales kept in captivity for years. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Botched Up Bodies","tags":"  Charlie Brooks, Sue Johnston From lifting saggy skin to repairing shoddy breast enhancements, plastic surgeons tackle extreme fixer-uppers. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Bottom of the World","tags":" Richard Sears Jena Malone, Douglas Smith, Ted Levine, Tamara Duarte, Kelly Pendygraft, Mark Sivertsen, Jon McLaren En route to a fresh start in Los Angeles, young couple Alex and Scarlett stop over in a sleepy Southwestern town that loosens their grip on reality. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Boy and the World","tags":" Al\u00ea Abreu Vin\u00edcius Garcia, Felipe Zilse, Al\u00ea Abreu, Lu Horta, Marco Aur\u00e9lio Campos, Cassius Romero, Alfredo Rollo Young Cuca leaves his idyllic village on a grand adventure to find his father, who has traveled to the city seeking work. familyfamily"},{"title":"Boy Bye","tags":" Chris Stokes Wendy Raquel Robinson, Ross Fleming, Shondrella Avery, Tammy Townsend, Omar Gooding, Tracy Davis, Veronika Bozeman, Kelly Perine, Valarie Pettiford Single entrepreneur Veronica finally starts to believe in love after meeting sexy Lance, but she soon discovers he's hiding something from her. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Brain Games","tags":"  Jason Silva This interactive series uses games, illusions and experiments to illustrate how our brains manufacture our reality and often play tricks on us. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Brampton's Own","tags":" Michael Doneger Alex Russell, Rose McIver, Jean Smart, Scott Porter, Kevin Linehan, Spencer Grammer, Carter Hastings, Riley Voelkel, John Getz After 12 years in the minors, a struggling baseball player retires, returns home and faces the last person he struck out with \u2013 his ex-girlfriend. drama,romance,sportsdrama,romance,sports"},{"title":"Bratz: The Movie","tags":" Sean McNamara Logan Browning, Janel Parrish, Nathalia Ramos, Skyler Shaye, Chelsea Kane When high school hierarchy divides four best friends into different cliques, the girls defy expectations and try to bring their groups together. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Brave Miss World","tags":" Cecilia Peck Linor Abargil Weeks before being named Miss World, Linor Abargil was raped. She tells the world her inspiring true story in this Emmy-nominated documentary. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Brave New Jersey","tags":" Jody Lambert Tony Hale, Anna Camp, Sam Jaeger, Heather Burns, Dan Bakkedahl, Raymond J. Barry, Erika Alexander, Mel Rodriguez, Evan Jonigkeit, Grace Kaufman Small-town residents mistake an Orson Welles radio broadcast for news about an alien invasion and are emboldened to act as they await an apocalypse. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Braxton Family Values","tags":"  Toni Braxton, Trina Braxton, Traci Braxton, Towanda Braxton, Tamar Braxton Songstress sisters Toni, Traci, Towanda, Trina and Tamar Braxton open up about their lives and their relationships \u2014 and reveal a few surprises. showshow"},{"title":"Breaking Free","tags":" Sridhar Rangayan Sridhar Rangayan One filmmaker\u2019s quest to expose the human rights violations faced by India\u2019s LGBTQ community was a project of passion seven years in the making. documental,foregin,lgbtdocumental,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Breath","tags":" Simon Baker Samson Coulter, Ben Spence, Simon Baker, Elizabeth Debicki, Richard Roxburgh, Rachael Blake, Jacek Koman In mid-1970s Australia, two small-town teenage boys befriend an enigmatic middle-aged surfer, who urges them to see the thrill in facing their fears. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Brick","tags":" Rian Johnson Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Nora Zehetner, Lukas Haas, Noah Fleiss, Matt O'Leary, Emilie de Ravin, Noah Segan, Richard Roundtree, Meagan Good, Brian White Teenage loner Brendan Fry navigates his high school's intense social network to discover a killer's identity after his secret crush is murdered. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Bring It On: Worldwide Showdown","tags":" Robert Adetuyi Cristine Prosperi, Jordan Rodrigues, Gia Re, Sophie Vavasseur, Sven Ruygrok, Stephan Lee Benson, Natalie Walsh, Vivica A. Fox When cheerleading champs the Rebels are challenged by an edgy new squad, they take on teams from all over the world in a virtual cheer battle. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Brooklyn's Finest","tags":" Antoine Fuqua Richard Gere, Don Cheadle, Ethan Hawke, Wesley Snipes, Will Patton, Lili Taylor, Michael Kenneth Williams, Br\u00edan F. O'Byrne, Shannon Kane, Ellen Barkin, Vincent D'Onofrio, Logan Marshall-Green Three cops find themselves hurtling toward the same crime scene on one fatal night in this tense, edge-of your-seat thriller. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Brotherhood of Blades II: The Infernal Battlefield","tags":" Lu Yang Chang Chen, Yang Mi, Zhang Yi, Lei Jiayin, Xin Zhilei, Shih Chieh King While tracking down a seditious painter, an imperial guard is accused of a royal assassination attempt and framed in a complicated conspiracy. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Brown Nation","tags":"  Rajeev Varma, Shenaz Treasury, Kapil Bawa, Remy Munasifi, Omi Vaidya, Melanie Chandra, Sana Serrai, Jonathan Horvath, Akaash Singh An Indian American man living with his artistic wife and contentious father-in-law struggles to handle his household and a foundering IT company. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Bruno and Boots: Go Jump in the Pool","tags":" Vivieno Caldinelli Jonny Gray, Callan Potter, Peter Keleghan, Hannah Vandenbygaart, Kiana Madeira, Joshua Kilimnik, Drew Haytaoglu, Isiah Lea, Scott Thompson, Caroline Rhea To keep pal Boots from being sent to a rival school with better athletics, prankster Bruno leads an epic campaign to build a pool at Macdonald Hall. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Bruno and Boots: The Wizzle War","tags":" Vivieno Caldinelli Jonny Gray, Callan Potter, Matt Baram, Caroline Rhea, Kiana Madeira Fed up with weird dress codes and wacky punishments, the students of neighboring schools face off against two recently hired oddball authoritarians. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Bruno and Boots: This Can't Be Happening at Macdonald Hall","tags":" Vivieno Caldinelli Jonny Gray, Callan Potter, Peter Keleghan, Caroline Rhea The biggest troublemakers at Macdonald Hall are Bruno and Boots, who are caught and face an unthinkable punishment: separation into different dorms. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Buffalo Boys","tags":" Mike Wiluan Yoshua Sudarso, Ario Bayu, Pevita Pearce, Tio Pakusadewo, Reinout Bussemaker, Mikha Tambayong, Happy Salma, Alex Abbad, Zack Lee Two Indonesian brothers learn the ways of the American cowboy before returning home to avenge the murder of their father. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Bugs","tags":" Andreas Johnsen  A willing team of chefs and researchers goes on a gastronomic adventure around the globe to weigh the benefits of using bugs as a future food source. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Bullitt County","tags":" David McCracken Mike C. Nelson, Jenni Melear, David McCracken, Napoleon Ryan, Dorothy Lyman, Richard Riehle When four college friends reunite for a bachelor party, their hunt for cash said to be hidden in Kentucky's backwoods leads to bloodshed and betrayal. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Burlesque","tags":" Steve Antin Cher, Christina Aguilera, Alan Cumming, Eric Dane, Cam Gigandet, Julianne Hough, Peter Gallagher, Kristen Bell, Stanley Tucci, Dianna Agron After leaving Iowa with stars in her eyes, Ali arrives at a Los Angeles burlesque lounge with dreams of taking the stage with her soaring voice. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Burlesque: Heart of the Glitter Tribe","tags":" Jon Manning  This revealing documentary probes the onstage personas of Portland, Oregon, burlesque performers who practice wildly different art forms. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Burning","tags":" Lee Chang-dong Yoo Ah-in, Steven Yeun, Jun Jong-seo, Kim Soo-kyung, Moon Sung-keun, ChoI Seung-ho An aspiring writer goes to the airport to pick up a high school friend returning from a trip to Africa but is disheartened to see her with another man. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Burnistoun","tags":"  Iain Connell, Robert Florence, Kirsty Strain, Richard Rankin, Allan Miller, Louise Stewart This sketch series focuses on the eccentric characters in a small Scottish town, including bumbling cops, \"DJ Jesus\" and a disgruntled serial killer. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Bushwick","tags":" Cary Murnion, Jonathan Milott Dave Bautista, Brittany Snow, Angelic Zambrana, Jeremie Harris, Myra Lucretia Taylor, Arturo Castro, Christian Navarro When their diverse neighborhood is besieged by a mysterious militia, a grad student and an ex-Marine become an unlikely team in a battle for survival. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Butterfield 8","tags":" Daniel Mann Elizabeth Taylor, Laurence Harvey, Eddie Fisher, Dina Merrill, Mildred Dunnock, Betty Field, Jeffrey Lynn, Susan Oliver Elizabeth Taylor won an Oscar as Gloria Wandrous, a stylish call girl who yearns to go straight, especially after she thinks she's found Mr. Right. classic,drama,romanceclassic,drama,romance"},{"title":"C\u00e9zanne et moi","tags":" Daniele Thompson Guillaume Canet, Guillaume Gallienne, Alice Pol, D\u00e9borah Fran\u00e7ois, Sabine Az\u00e9ma, Freya Mavor, Isabelle Candelier, Laurent Stocker This historical drama explores the long and often volatile friendship of painter Paul C\u00e9zanne and writer \u00c9mile Zola, who first met as schoolboys. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Cabin Fever","tags":" Travis Zariwny Gage Golightly, Matthew Daddario, Samuel Davis, Nadine Crocker, Dustin Ingram, Randy Schulman As a flesh-eating virus rips its way through a remote woodland cabin, the terrified teens vacationing inside wonder who'll fall victim next. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Cabins in the Wild with Dick Strawbridge","tags":"  Dick Strawbridge, William Hardie Engineer Dick Strawbridge and craftsman Will Hardie tour eight unique cabins built for a pop-up hotel in Wales, and construct No. 9 on their own. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Cahaya Dari Timur Beta Maluku","tags":" Angga Dwimas Sasongko Chicco Jerikho, Abdurrahman Arif, Jajang C. Noer, Ridho Hafiedz, Leo Maitimu, Shafira Umm, Glenn Fredly, Aufa Assagaf, Burhanuddin Ohorella, Bebeto Leutually After witnessing a child\u2019s death during a violent clash, a former soccer player launches a youth team to help local kids avoid further bloodshed. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Caida del Cielo","tags":" N\u00e9stor S\u00e1nchez Sotelo Muriel Santa Ana, Peto Menahem, H\u00e9ctor D\u00edaz, Sebasti\u00e1n Wainraich, Karina K., Hern\u00e1n Jim\u00e9nez, Fabi\u00e1n Forte, Ver\u00f3nica Intile When Julia literally falls into Alejandro's backyard from her apartment above, it's just the jolt that's needed to nudge these two loners together. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Cain and Abel","tags":"  So Ji-sub, Shin Hyun-joon, Chae Jung-an, Han Ji-min, Kim Hae-suk, You-Mi Ha, Yong Jang, Kwon Hae-hyo Gifted doctor Cho-in leads a charmed life while his older brother Seon-woo seethes with jealousy in this series inspired by Biblical characters. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Cake","tags":" Asim Abbasi Aamina Sheikh, Sanam Saeed, Adnan Malik, Mohammad Ahmad, Beo Rana Zafar, Faris Khalid, Hira Hussain, Mikaal Zulfiqar When their aging father\u2019s illness reunites two sisters under one roof, new tensions arise between them as old wounds and hidden secrets surface. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Calendar Girls","tags":" Madhur Bhandarkar Akanksha Puri, Avani Modi, Kyra Dutt, Ruhi Singh, Satarupa Pyne, Mita Vashisht, Keith Sequeira, Deepak Wadhwa, Indraneil Sengupta, Vikram Sakhalkar Five calendar models try to navigate the twists and turns thrown in their path by the seductive and ruthless world of glamour. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Call Me Francis","tags":"  Rodrigo de la Serna, Sergio Hern\u00e1ndez, Mercedes Mor\u00e1n, Muriel Santa Ana, Alex Brendem\u00fchl, Maximilian Dirr, Andres Gil, Marco Di Tieri On his path to becoming Pope Francis, Father Jorge Bergoglio pursues his religious vocation in a country ravaged by a brutal military dictatorship. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Camelia la Texana","tags":" Carlos Bolado Sara Maldonado, Erik Hayser, Andr\u00e9s Palacios, Dagoberto Gama, Luis Ernesto Franco, Arcelia Ram\u00edrez, Er\u00e9ndira Ibarra Inspired by the famous song \"Contrabando y Traici\u00f3n,\" Camelia, a beautiful girl from San Antonio, kills her lover and becomes a legendary drug runner. action,romance,foreginaction,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Camera Store","tags":" Scott Marshall Smith John Larroquette, John Rhys-Davies, Paul Ben-Victor, David James Elliott, Laura Silverman, Cheryl Ladd, Justin Lieberman, Maddie McCormick With the digital revolution just around the corner, the employees of Bibideaux camera store strive to stay relevant amid unstoppable change. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Camp Cool Kids","tags":" Lisa Arnold Connor Rosen, Logan Shroyer, Michael Gross, Markie Post, Leigh-Allyn Baker, Juliocesar Chavez, Tyree Brown A young boy attends summer camp, where he overcomes his fears, stands up to bullies and learns important lessons about faith and life. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Camp X","tags":"   Established during World War II, North America's first secret agent training school \u2013 known as Camp X \u2013 paved the way for present-day espionage. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Camp X-Ray","tags":" Peter Sattler Kristen Stewart, Peyman Moaadi, John Carroll Lynch, Lane Garrison, Joseph Julian Soria, Ser'Darius Blain, Cory Michael Smith, Julia Duffy Fresh Army recruit Amy Cole is assigned to Guantanamo Bay's Camp X-Ray, where she forms a surprising bond with one of the prisoners in her charge. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Can We Get Married?","tags":"  Sung Jun, So-min Jung, Sung-min Kim, Ae-yeon Jeong, Mi-sook Lee, Eun-sook Sunwoo, Seok-woo Kang, Young-kwang Kim, Han Groo, Jin-soo Kim On the cusp of marriage or divorce, four couples consider the meaning of love, sharing a life, meddling families and the weight of their commitment. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Can't Hardly Wait","tags":" Harry Elfont, Deborah Kaplan Jennifer Love Hewitt, Ethan Embry, Charlie Korsmo, Lauren Ambrose, Peter Facinelli, Seth Green, Michelle Brookhurst, Alexander Martin, Erik Palladino, Channon Roe, Sean Patrick Thomas At a wild high school graduation party, aspiring writer Preston hopes to declare his love to popular girl Amanda, who just got dumped by the class jock. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Candyman","tags":" Bernard Rose Virginia Madsen, Tony Todd, Xander Berkeley, Kasi Lemmons, Vanessa Williams, DeJuan Guy, Michael Culkin, Stanley DeSantis Grad student Helen Lyle unintentionally summons the Candyman, a hook-handed creature made flesh by other people's belief in him. classic,suspenseclassic,suspense"},{"title":"Cannabis","tags":"  Jean-Michel Correia, Yasin Houicha, Pedro Casablanc, Christophe Paou, Kate Moran, Santi Pons When a huge marijuana shipment falls prey to thieves, the aftermath touches players from all ranks of the drug trade between Morocco and Europe. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Capital in the Twenty-First Century","tags":" Justin Pemberton  Based on economist Thomas Piketty's best-selling book, this documentary examines wealth accumulation and its looming social repercussions. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Cappuccino","tags":" Noushad Dharmajan Bolgatty, Aneesh Menon, Sunil Sukhada, Anita Lukmance, Kottayam Pradeep, Natasha Doshi, Hareesh Perumanna, Sharanya, Vineeth Mohan, Sudhi Koppa Richi is a director of commercials whose computer memory drive is accidentally switched with that of Sneha, a woman he soon falls in love with. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Cardboard Gangsters","tags":" Mark O'Connor John Connors, Fionn Walton, Kierston Wareing, Paul Alwright, Ryan Lincoln, Jimmy Smallhorne, Toni O'Rourke, Fionna Hewitt-Twamley, Stephen Clinch, Ciaran McCabe A low-level drug dealer decides to move up the ranks of the illegal narcotics trade in Darndale, Dublin, putting him and his gang on a violent path. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Care Bears: Welcome to Care-a-Lot","tags":"  David Lodge, Patty Mattson, Doug Erholtz, Stephanie Sheh, Nayo Wallace, Michael Sinterniklaas, Michaela Dean Nestled in a faraway cloud is a rainbow-colored world called Care-a-Lot, home to the magical Care Bears who each have a special talent. familyfamily"},{"title":"Caregiver","tags":" Chito S. Ro\u00f1o Sharon Cuneta, John Estrada, John Manalo, Rica Peralejo, Jhong Hilario, Saul Reichlin, Matthew Rutherford, Claire Jeater, Makisig Morales, Mickey Ferriols Sarah leaves her son in the Philippines to reunite with her husband in London, where she struggles personally and professionally as a care-home worker. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Carol","tags":" Todd Haynes Cate Blanchett, Rooney Mara, Sarah Paulson, Kyle Chandler, Jake Lacy, John Magaro, Cory Michael Smith, Carrie Brownstein, Kevin Crowley, Nik Pajic In the 1950s, a glamorous married woman and an aspiring photographer embark on a passionate, forbidden romance that will forever change their lives. drama,lgbt,romancedrama,lgbt,romance"},{"title":"Carrie","tags":" Brian De Palma Sissy Spacek, Piper Laurie, Amy Irving, William Katt, John Travolta, Nancy Allen, Betty Buckley, P.J. Soles, Priscilla Pointer, Sydney Lassick, Stefan Gierasch, Michael Talbott, Doug Cox, Harry Gold, Noelle North An outcast teen with telekinetic ability lashes out with her deadly power when the high school \"in crowd\" torments her with a sick joke at the prom. classic,classic,suspenseclassic,classic,suspense"},{"title":"Carriers","tags":" \u00c0lex Pastor, David Pastor Lou Taylor Pucci, Chris Pine, Piper Perabo, Emily VanCamp, Christopher Meloni, Kiernan Shipka, Ron McClary, Mark Moses As a lethal virus spreads globally, four friends seek a reputed plague-free haven. But while avoiding the infected, the travelers turn on one another. suspense,fantasy,suspensesuspense,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Casa de mi Padre","tags":" Matt Piedmont Will Ferrell, Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal, Diego Luna, Genesis Rodriguez, Pedro Armend\u00e1riz Jr., Nick Offerman, Efren Ramirez, Adrian Martinez Will Ferrell stars as a Spanish-speaking cowboy in this comedy about a Mexican clan trying to rescue their ranch from greedy creditors. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Case Closed","tags":"  Minami Takayama, Alison Retzloff, Wakana Yamazaki, Colleen Clinkenbeard, Akira Kamiya, R. Bruce Elliott, Wataru Takagi, Chafurin, Mark Stoddard Turned into a young boy by a sinister potion, teen sleuth Conan helps solve baffling crimes while tracking down the nefarious agents who poisoned him. anime,action,suspenseanime,action,suspense"},{"title":"Casino Royale","tags":" Martin Campbell Daniel Craig, Judi Dench, Eva Green, Jeffrey Wright, Mads Mikkelsen, Giancarlo Giannini Daniel Craig makes his debut as the newly minted agent 007, who's pitted against an infamous financier of global terrorism \u2013 at the poker table. actionaction"},{"title":"Casino Tycoon","tags":" Wong Jing Wong Jing When Japanese troops invade Hong Kong, young Benny Ho flees to Macau and rises to the top of the city's casino business with pluck, diligence and wit. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Casino Tycoon 2","tags":" Wong Jing Dennis Chan Casino mogul Benny Ho wields enormous power. But a feud with his former partner and a massive fraud scheme soon threaten his family and his empire. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Cat on a Hot Tin Roof","tags":" Richard Brooks Elizabeth Taylor, Paul Newman, Burl Ives, Jack Carson, Judith Anderson, Madeleine Sherwood, Larry Gates, Vaughn Taylor Members of a Southern clan scramble to curry favor with a dying, wealthy patriarch in this adaptation of Tennessee Williams's sizzling stage drama. classic,dramaclassic,drama"},{"title":"Catching the Sun","tags":" Shalini Kantayya  This documentary explores the worldwide economics of the burgeoning solar energy industry and its impact on hopeful job seekers in the United States. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore","tags":" Brad Peyton James Marsden, Nick Nolte, Christina Applegate, Katt Williams, Bette Midler, Neil Patrick Harris, Sean Hayes, Wallace Shawn, Roger Moore, Joe Pantoliano, Michael Clarke Duncan, Chris O'Donnell, Jack McBrayer, Kiernan Shipka Cats and dogs must set aside their differences and merge animal instincts when Kitty Galore decides to claw her way to global domination. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Catwalk: Tales from the Cat Show Circuit","tags":" Aaron Hancox, Michael McNamara  This fun, charming documentary follows the exploits of some very feline-friendly folks as they strive to get their kitties crowned Canada\u2019s top cat. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Cave","tags":" Henrik Martin Dahlsbakken Heidi Toini, Benjamin Helstad, Mads Sjogard Pettersen, Ingar Helge Gimle Torn between old camaraderie and recent tensions, three ex-soldiers reunite to explore a deadly cave but soon discover terror beyond all expectations. action,foregin,suspenseaction,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Celluloid Man","tags":" Shivendra Singh Dungarpur P.K. Nair This documentary chronicles the philosophy and life's work of archivist P.K. Nair, who made a mission of preserving Indian cinema\u2019s rich history. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Center Stage","tags":" Nicholas Hytner Amanda Schull, Zoe Saldana, Susan May Pratt, Peter Gallagher, Donna Murphy, Debra Monk, Ethan Stiefel, Sascha Radetsky, Julie Kent, Ilia Kulik Vying for a spot in the American Ballet Company, 12 dance students are ready to push their bodies and minds to the limit to realize their dreams. dramadrama"},{"title":"Chaar\u00a0Sahibzaade","tags":" Harry Baweja Om Puri With a horde of enemy invaders bearing down, four sons of an illustrious Sikh guru lead a tiny but valiant army into a desperate fight for freedom. drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Chal Dhar Pakad","tags":" Aatmaram Dharne Nagesh Bhonsle After her fat-shaming husband brings home a new lover, a wife in Maharashtra recruits a group of women to challenge him in a kabaddi match. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Chal Mere Bhai","tags":" David Dhawan Sanjay Dutt, Salman Khan, Karisma Kapoor, Dalip Tahil, Sushma Seth, Shakti Kapoor, Nagma, Sonali Bendre, Twinkle Khanna, Ravi Baswani When a secretary saves her tycoon boss's life, his family hears wedding bells. Problem is, she's already in love \u2013 with his younger brother. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Chalay Thay Saath","tags":" Umer Adil Syra Shehroz, Kent S. Leung, Osama Tahir, Mansha Pasha, Zhalay Sharhadi, Faris Khalid, Behroze Sabzwari, Shamim Hilaly Beautiful and adventurous doctor Resham meets a handsome Chinese backpacker named Adam while traveling with friends on a journey of self-discovery. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Chandani: The Daughter of the Elephant Whisperer","tags":" Arne Birkenstock K.G. Chandani Renuka Ratnayake A girl who wants to be an elephant driver like her father is given the chance to raise a calf and becomes even more determined when it's taken away. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Change in the Air","tags":" Dianne Dreyer Mary Beth Hurt, Rachel Brosnahan, Aidan Quinn, Olympia Dukakis, M. Emmet Walsh, Peter Gerety, Macy Gray, Satya Bhabha When a secretive woman breezes into a quiet town, her subdued neighbors get swept up in curiosity over her ethereal presence. dramadrama"},{"title":"Chaotic Love Poems","tags":" Garin Nugroho Chicco Jerikho, Pevita Pearce Spanning the 1970s, \u201880s and \u201890s, this lyrical love story of two childhood neighbors plays out amidst a rapidly evolving Indonesia. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Chappaquiddick","tags":" John Curran Jason Clarke, Kate Mara, Ed Helms, Bruce Dern, Jim Gaffigan, Olivia Thirlby, Clancy Brown, Taylor Nichols, John Fiore Senator Ted Kennedy watches his future unravel in the wake of an infamous car crash as family and allies vie to protect his reputation. dramadrama"},{"title":"Charlie and the Chocolate Factory","tags":" Tim Burton Johnny Depp, Freddie Highmore, David Kelly, Helena Bonham Carter, Noah Taylor, Missi Pyle, James Fox, Deep Roy, Christopher Lee, Adam Godley, AnnaSophia Robb, Julia Winter, Jordan Fry, Philip Wiegratz The eccentric Willy Wonka opens the doors of his candy factory to five lucky kids who learn the secrets behind his amazing confections. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle","tags":" McG Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore, Lucy Liu, Bernie Mac, Crispin Glover, Justin Theroux, Robert Patrick, Demi Moore, Rodrigo Santoro, Shia LaBeouf, Matt LeBlanc, Luke Wilson, John Cleese In this reboot of the TV classic, the Angels are tasked with finding lost rings encoded with the personal information of people in witness protection. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Charlotte's Web","tags":" Charles A. Nichols, Iwao Takamoto Debbie Reynolds, Charles Nelson Reilly, Paul Lynde, Henry Gibson, Rex Allen, Danny Bonaduce, Pamelyn Ferdin, Don Messick, Agnes Moorehead, Martha Scott, John Stephenson, Herb Vigran, Dave Madden Follow the adventures of Wilbur the pig, Templeton the rat and Charlotte the spider in this animated musical version of E.B. White's timeless story. family,classicfamily,classic"},{"title":"Chashme Buddoor","tags":" David Dhawan Ali Zafar, Siddharth, Divyendu Sharma, Tapsee Pannu, Rishi Kapoor, Anupam Kher, Bharati Achrekar, Varun Dhawan, Lillete Dubey, Ayaz Khan, Ashish Verma When pretty new neighbor Seema falls for their shy roommate Sid, jealous womanizers Omi and Jai plot to break up the new lovebirds. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Chasing Amy","tags":" Kevin Smith Ben Affleck, Joey Lauren Adams, Jason Lee, Dwight Ewell, Jason Mewes, Kevin Smith Comic book artist Holden meets the perfect woman, only to learn that she's a lesbian. But that doesn't stop him from falling in love with her. comedy,classic,dramacomedy,classic,drama"},{"title":"Chasing Monsters","tags":"  Cyril Chauquet Adventurer Cyril Chauquet seeks out the most colossal and dangerous underwater creatures around the world in this adrenaline-packed series. documental,show,documentaldocumental,show,documental"},{"title":"Chasing the Dragon","tags":" Wong Jing, Jason Kwan Donnie Yen, Andy Lau, Philip Keung, Kent Cheng, Wilfred Lau, Ken Tong, Yu Kang In corrupt, British-colonized Hong Kong, a mainland Chinese immigrant rises to the top of the city's drug underworld with the help of a notorious cop. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Chasing Trane","tags":" John Scheinfeld Denzel Washington, Bill Clinton, Ravi Coltrane, Common, Benny Golson, Jimmy Heath, Wynton Marsalis, Sonny Rollins, Carlos Santana, Cornel West Featuring interviews, insights and archival footage, this documentary aims to reveal how historical events shaped the music of John Coltrane. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Chauthi Koot","tags":" Gurvinder Singh Suvinder Vikky, Rajbir Kaur, Gurpreet Kaur Bhangu, Taranjit Singh, Harleen Kaur, Kanwaljeet Singh, Harnek Aulakh, Tejpal Singh, Gulshan Saggi Related tales of a family seeking refuge and two men on a train to Amritsar evoke the dreadful unease surrounding Hindu-Sikh tensions in 1980s Punjab. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Cheapest Weddings","tags":"  Melanie Vallejo Couples on a tiny budget try to ensure that the day of their wedding turns out to be the magical experience they always dreamed it would be. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Cheers","tags":"  Ted Danson, Rhea Perlman, George Wendt, John Ratzenberger, Shelley Long, Kirstie Alley, Woody Harrelson, Kelsey Grammer, Nicholas Colasanto Sam Malone, an ex-baseball player turned bar owner, operates a saloon that's always filled with quirky customers and even more eccentric staff. classic,comedyclassic,comedy"},{"title":"Chef & My Fridge","tags":"  Seong-joo Kim\u200b, Jung-hwan Ahn The best chefs of Korea go head-to-head to create impromptu dishes that feature ingredients found inside the guest stars' very own refrigerators. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Chernobyl Diaries","tags":" Bradley Parker Ingrid Bols\u00f8 Berdal, Dimitri Diatchenko, Olivia Taylor Dudley, Devin Kelley, Jesse McCartney, Nathan Phillips, Jonathan Sadowski, Alex Feldman, Kristof Konrad, Pasha D. Lychnikoff A group of kids takes an illegal tour through an abandoned city near Chernobyl, where mysterious humanoid forms begin to haunt their steps... suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Chewin' the Fat","tags":"  Ford Kiernan, Greg Hemphill, Karen Dunbar, Mark Cox, Paul Riley Petty criminals, dodgy decorators, full-bore Glaswegians and oddball documentary presenters converge in this sketch show that parodies Scottish life. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Chewing Gum","tags":"  Michaela Coel, John Macmillan, Robert Lonsdale, Danielle Walters, Kadiff Kirwan, Susan Wokoma, Shola Adewusi, Sarah Hoare, Abby Rakic-Platt, Maggie Steed, Olisa Odele The virginal Tracey, who was raised in a strictly religious Tower Hamlets flat, is ready to realize her potential. And the first step is having sex. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Chhota Bheem Kungfu Dhamaka","tags":" Rajiv Chilaka, Binayak Das Sonal Kaushal, Rupa Bhimani, Jigna Bharadhwaj, Sabina Malik, Julie Tejwani, Rajesh Kava, Vaibhav Thakkar, Samriddhi Shuklaa, Aditya Raj Sharma, Vinod Kulkarni Chhota Bheem is in China for a martial arts competition but his real challenge: to save the emperor\u2019s daughter from being kidnapped by the villain Zuhu! familyfamily"},{"title":"Chicken Kokkachi","tags":" Anuranjan Premji Anuranjan Premji, Indrans, Dharmajan Bolgatty, Sudhi Koppa, Bijukuttan, Neha Rathanakaran, Prasanth In the wake of his sister's marriage, a young middle-class man leaves his village and learns that supporting one's self is easier said than done. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Chicken Little","tags":" Mark Dindal Zach Braff, Joan Cusack, Patrick Stewart, Steve Zahn, Catherine O'Hara, Harry Shearer, Adam West, Don Knotts, Amy Sedaris, Garry Marshall, Patrick Warburton, Fred Willard, Wallace Shawn No one believes Chicken Little when he tries to warn of an alien invasion \u2013 so it's up to him and his misfit friends to save the world! family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Chief Daddy","tags":" Niyi Akinmolayan Taiwo Obileye, Joke Silva, Falz The Bahd Guy, Dakore Akande, Funke Akindele, Zainab Balogun, Shaffy Bello, Ini Edo, Linda Ihuoma-Suleiman, Mawuli Gavor, Richard Mofe-Damijo, Rachael Oniga, Nkem Owoh, Patience Ozokwor When a wealthy patriarch unexpectedly drops dead, his money-crazed family, friends and staff scramble for his billionaire fortune. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Child's Play","tags":" Tom Holland Catherine Hicks, Alex Vincent, Brad Dourif, Chris Sarandon, Dinah Manoff, Tommy Swerdlow, Jack Colvin, Neil Giuntoli, Juan Ram\u00edrez, Alan Wilder When a rash of murders unfolds, 6-year-old Andy knows that his toy doll Chucky is the killer, but neither his mom nor the cops believe him. classic,suspenseclassic,suspense"},{"title":"China Salesman","tags":" Tan Bing Li Dong Xue, Mike Tyson, Steven Seagal, Janicke Askevold, Li Ai, Eriq Ebouaney, Clovis Fouin, Wang Zijian A Chinese engineer travels to a war-torn African country to rebuild its telecommunications but instead finds massive corruption and explosive danger. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Chittagong","tags":" Bedabrata Pain Manoj Bajpayee, Barry John, Delzad Hiwale, Vega Tamotia, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Rajkummar Rao, Jaideep Ahlawat, Vijay Varma, Dibyendu Bhattacharya In the turbulent 1930s of British colonial India, a teenager joins a ragtag army of schoolboys determined to overthrow their foreign conquerors. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Chitty Chitty Bang Bang","tags":" Ken Hughes Dick Van Dyke, Sally Ann Howes, Lionel Jeffries, Gert Fr\u00f6be, Anna Quayle, Benny Hill, James Robertson Justice, Robert Helpmann, Heather Ripley, Adrian Hall, Barbara Windsor, Davy Kaye, Alexander Dor\u00e9, Bernard Spear, Stanley Unwin Quirky inventor Caractacus Potts and his family travel in their magical flying car to Vulgaria, a kingdom strangely devoid of children. family,classic,comedyfamily,classic,comedy"},{"title":"Chloe","tags":" Atom Egoyan Julianne Moore, Liam Neeson, Amanda Seyfried, Max Thieriot, R.H. Thomson, Nina Dobrev, Laura de Carteret, Mishu Vellani Suspecting her husband of infidelity, Catherine hires sexy Chloe to test his faithfulness. Soon, the relationships between all three intensify. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Chris Brown: Welcome to My Life","tags":" Andrew Sandler Chris Brown Featuring interviews, concert footage and behind-the-scenes access, this documentary delivers fans an all-access look at the life of Chris Brown. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Christian Mingle","tags":" Corbin Bernsen Lacey Chabert, Jonathan Patrick Moore, Saidah Arrika Ekulona, Stephen Tobolowsky, John O'Hurley, David Keith, Morgan Fairchild, Corbin Bernsen A career woman who has everything but romance finds her values challenged when she starts dating a good man she met on a Christian matchmaking site. comedy,religion,romancecomedy,religion,romance"},{"title":"Christiane Amanpour: Sex & Love Around the World","tags":"   A contextual, acculturated dive into how adults in six, big global cities celebrate love and accentuate sex. CNN's Christiane Amanpour reports. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Christmas Crush","tags":" Marita Grabiak Rachel Boston, Jonathan Bennett, Jon Prescott, Sunny Mabrey, Julia Voth, Elizabeth Lauren Hoffman, Eileen April Boylan, Josh Crotty Twentysomething Georgia pines for her old boyfriend and is thrilled to have a second chance at love when she attends their high school reunion. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Christmas in the Smokies","tags":" Gary Wheeler Sarah Lancaster, Barry Corbin, Alan Powell, Jill Wagner, Danny Vinson, Gregory Alan Williams, Rebecca Koon, Brett Rice In the Smoky Mountains, an ambitious woman works to save her family's historic berry farm as her ex, a country music star, returns to town. family,drama,romancefamily,drama,romance"},{"title":"Christmas with the Kranks","tags":" Joe Roth Tim Allen, Jamie Lee Curtis, Dan Aykroyd, Erik Per Sullivan, Cheech Marin, Jake Busey, M. Emmet Walsh, Kevin Chamberlin, Elizabeth Franz, Ren\u00e9 Lavan When Luther Krank and his wife opt to skip Christmas \u2013 no tree and no rooftop Frosty \u2013 can they handle the fallout from their family and neighbors? family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Christopher Robin","tags":" Marc Forster Ewan McGregor, Hayley Atwell, Bronte Carmichael, Mark Gatiss, Jim Cummings, Brad Garrett, Nick Mohammed, Peter Capaldi Now a careworn middle-aged man, Christopher Robin goes on a familiar adventure when his old pal Winnie the Pooh brings him to the Hundred Acre Wood. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Chronicle of an Escape","tags":" Israel Adri\u00e1n Caetano Rodrigo de la Serna, Pablo Echarri, Nazareno Casero, Lautaro Delgado, Mat\u00edas Marmorato, Mart\u00edn Urruty, C\u00e9sar Albarrac\u00edn, Guillermo Fernandez, Daniel Di Biase Soccer goalie Claudio Tamburrini is kidnapped by the Argentine military. Several months later, he joins other prisoners in planning a daring escape. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Chuck Chicken","tags":"   On the island of Rocky Perch, security company owner Chuck Adoodledoo and his friends provide kung fu-style protection for their fellow bird citizens. familyfamily"},{"title":"Chupan Chupai","tags":" Mohsin Ali Ahsan Khan, Neelam Muneer, Faizan Khawaja, Ali Rizvi, Vajdaan Shah, Zayed Sheikh, Talat Hussain, Javed Sheikh The lives of five hapless, petty criminals careen into madcap disarray when their plan to abduct a wealthy minister\u2019s son goes horribly wrong. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Chupke Chupke","tags":" Hrishikesh Mukherjee Dharmendra, Sharmila Tagore, Amitabh Bachchan, Jaya Bhaduri, Om Prakash, Asrani, David Abraham, Usha Kiran, Lily Chakravarty, Keshto Mukherjee Jealous of the high regard in which his new wife holds their brother-in-law, a botany professor stages an elaborate prank that will even the score. classic,comedy,foreginclassic,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant","tags":" Paul Weitz John C. Reilly, Ken Watanabe, Josh Hutcherson, Chris Massoglia, Ray Stevenson, Patrick Fugit, Orlando Jones, Willem Dafoe, Salma Hayek, Michael Cerveris, Jane Krakowski, Frankie Faison, Patrick Breen, Colleen Camp, Don McManus, Jessica Carlson, Kristen Schaal When Darren Shan is taken to a circus that's chock-full of sideshow oddities, he meets a vampire and receives a life-changing bite on the neck. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"City in the Sky","tags":"   This series explores the magnitude and scale of modern air travel, and the challenges faced by those responsible for its smooth functioning. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"City of God","tags":" Fernando Meirelles, Katia Lund Alexandre Rodrigues, Leandro Firmino, Phellipe Haagensen, Douglas Silva, Jonathan Haagensen, Matheus Nachtergaele, Seu Jorge, Jefechander Suplino, Alice Braga Growing up in a Rio de Janeiro slum, Rocket is able to avoid being drawn into a life of drugs and crime by having a passion for photography. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"City of Tiny Lights","tags":" Pete Travis Riz Ahmed, Billie Piper, James Floyd, Cush Jumbo, Roshan Seth, Hannah Rae, Antonio Aakeel, George Sargeant, Alexander Siddig, Vincent Regan, Barry Aird In moody London, a burned-out sleuth sinks into a world of corruption and murderous romance when he tackles a mysterious case of a missing sex worker. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Civilizations","tags":"   Expanding Kenneth Clark's 1969 \"Civilisation\" series for a new generation, this reboot explores the art of cultures around the world, throughout time. foregin,documentalforegin,documental"},{"title":"Clarence Clemons: Who Do I Think I Am?","tags":" Nick Mead Clarence Clemons This intimate documentary follows the life of legendary saxophonist Clarence Clemons and his spiritual awakening before his death in 2011. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Clash of the Titans","tags":" Louis Leterrier Sam Worthington, Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes, Jason Flemyng, Gemma Arterton, Alexa Davalos, Tine Stapelfeldt, Mads Mikkelsen, Luke Evans If he is to save the life of the beautiful Princess Andromeda, the valiant Perseus must battle a host of powerful, beastly enemies. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Class of '61","tags":" Gregory Hoblit Christien Anholt, Andre Braugher, Dan Futterman, Josh Lucas, Clive Owen, Sophie Ward, Sue-Ann Leeds, Laura Linney As the Civil War looms, a runaway slave seeks freedom, and West Point cadets find their camaraderie shattered as they choose between North or South. dramadrama"},{"title":"Class Rank","tags":" Eric Stoltz Olivia Holt, Skyler Gisondo, Kristin Chenoweth, Bruce Dern, Nick Krause, Kathleen Chalfant, Peter Maloney, Rod McLachlan, Hawn Tran, Danni Wang When her class rank threatens her college plans, an ambitious teen convinces a nerdy peer to run for the school board to abolish the ranking system. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Classic Legends","tags":"  Javed Akhtar This documentary series explores the glamour of Bollywood through the stories of the men and women who have illuminated its screens. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Cleopatra Jones","tags":" Jack Starrett Tamara Dobson, Bernie Casey, BrendaSykes, Esther Rolle, Shelley Winters A stylin' special agent chases down drug lords and does her part to stop trafficking. Soon, she finds herself seeking revenge on a dealer. action,classicaction,classic"},{"title":"Click","tags":" Frank Coraci Adam Sandler, Kate Beckinsale, Christopher Walken, David Hasselhoff, Henry Winkler, Julie Kavner, Sean Astin, Joseph Castanon, Jonah Hill, Jake Hoffman, Jennifer Coolidge Overworked Michael Newman stumbles on a universal remote control that gives him the power to pause or fast-forward through scenes in his life. comedy,fantasycomedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Click for Murder","tags":"  Donal MacIntyre Crime journalist Donal MacIntyre reveals how deadly the internet can be as he dissects the technological methods behind heinous acts. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"Clive Davis: The Soundtrack of Our Lives","tags":" Chris Perkel Clive Davis This music-driven documentary charts Clive Davis' 50-year career as one of the world's most influential record moguls. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Closed Circuit","tags":" John Crowley Eric Bana, Rebecca Hall, Ciar\u00e1n Hinds, Riz Ahmed, Anne-Marie Duff, Kenneth Cranham, Julia Stiles, Jim Broadbent, Denis Moschitto, Barbora Bobulova, Jemma Powell Martin and Claudia, top-flight lawyers who happen to be former lovers, become targets when they're teamed up to defend a notorious terrorist. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Cloud Atlas","tags":" Lilly Wachowski, Lana Wachowski, Tom Tykwer Tom Hanks, Halle Berry, Jim Broadbent, Hugo Weaving, Jim Sturgess, Doona Bae, Ben Whishaw, Keith David, James D'Arcy, Zhou Xun In this star-studded drama, six seemingly disparate stories explore the complicated links that humanity shares through the generations. action,classic,dramaaction,classic,drama"},{"title":"Clouds of Sils Maria","tags":" Olivier Assayas Juliette Binoche, Kristen Stewart, Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz, Lars Eidinger, Johnny Flynn, Angela Winkler, Hanns Zischler, Brady Corbet A middle-aged actress is cast in a film adaptation of the play that made her famous 20 years earlier, but in a much less glamorous role. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Cloverfield","tags":" Matt Reeves Lizzy Caplan, Jessica Lucas, T.J. Miller, Michael Stahl-David, Mike Vogel, Odette Annable, Anjul Nigam, Margot Farley, Theo Rossi, Brian Klugman A going-away party in Manhattan is interrupted when a mysterious monster of epic proportions launches an attack on New York City. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Coach Carter","tags":" Thomas Carter Samuel L. Jackson, Rob Brown, Robert Ri'chard, Rick Gonzalez, Nana Gbewonyo, Antwon Tanner, Channing Tatum, Ashanti, Texas Battle, Denise Dowse, Debbi Morgan Controversial basketball coach Ken Carter puts school before sports and benches his undefeated high school team for poor academic performance. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Code Name: The Cleaner","tags":" Les Mayfield Cedric the Entertainer, Lucy Liu, Nicollette Sheridan, Mark Dacascos, Callum Keith Rennie, DeRay Davis, Niecy Nash, Will Patton A mild-mannered janitor duped into believing he's an undercover agent stumbles into an international arms ring plot involving the CIA and the FBI. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Coffee with D","tags":" Vishal Mishra Sunil Grover, Zakir Hussain, Anjana Sukhani, Dipannita Sharma, Pankaj Tripathi, Rajesh Sharma, Vinod Ramani, Guru Singh Low TV ratings drive a well-known journalist to concoct a plan to interview a notorious underworld figure who is also a suspected terrorist. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Cold Case Files","tags":"   Masterful detectives utilize forensic science and criminal psychology to re-examine long-standing cases. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Cold Case Files Classic","tags":"  Bill Kurtis Through forensic science and criminal psychology, an elite breed of detectives reexamine long-unsolved crimes to deliver justice and the truth. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Colkatay Columbus","tags":" Saurav Palodhi Mir Afsar Ali, Gaurav Chakrabarty, Tanusree Chakraborty, Anirban Bhattacharya, Ritabhari Chakraborty, Suchandra Vaaniya, Arijit Dutt When Christopher Columbus mysteriously appears in modern-day Kolkata, India, two struggling young men look to him for advice on achieving success. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Colonia","tags":" Florian Gallenberger Emma Watson, Daniel Br\u00fchl, Michael Nyqvist, Richenda Carey, Vicky Krieps, Jeanne Werner, Julian Ovenden, August Zirner, Martin Wuttke, Stefan Merki When her boyfriend is caught up in a Chilean coup, a young woman tries to free him from a prison camp posing as a commune by joining it voluntarily. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Colours of Passion","tags":" Ketan Mehta Randeep Hooda, Nandana Sen, Jim Boeven, Paresh Rawal, Tom Alter, Vikram Gokhale, Vipin Sharma, Gaurav Dwivedi Seeking inspiration, a young 19th-century painter finds a woman who is his love, his muse and his willing subject, but his work becomes controversial. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Come and Find Me","tags":" Zack Whedon Aaron Paul, Annabelle Wallis, Garret Dillahunt, Chris Chalk, Zachary Knighton, Enver Gjokaj, Michael Kopsa, Terry Chen When his photographer girlfriend vanishes, an L.A. graphic designer starts his own investigation and uncovers a web of deceit, crime and corruption. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Comedy Bang! Bang!","tags":"  Scott Aukerman, Reggie Watts Scott Aukerman brings his popular podcast Comedy Bang! Bang! to television, along with his co-host and bandleader, Reggie Watts. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"Command and Control","tags":" Robert Kenner  Chronicling a 1980 Titan II missile accident, this sobering documentary weighs the balance of power and safety involving weapons of mass destruction. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Company","tags":" Ram Gopal Varma Ajay Devgn, Vivek Oberoi, Mohanlal, Manisha Koirala, Seema Biswas, Antara Mali, Akash Khurana, Madan Joshi, Vijay Raaz, Rajpal Yadav Following a misunderstanding, a gangster and his boss part ways and become bitter enemies \u2013 with devastating consequences. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Compulsion","tags":" Craig Goodwill Analeigh Tipton, Jakob Cedergren, Marta Gastini, Jan Bijvoet, Anita Kravos, Valentin Merlet Lured to a majestic, remote villa by an old lover, an erotic novelist finds herself falling for a mysterious woman and descending into a moral abyss. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Conan Without Borders","tags":"   Late-night talk show host Conan O'Brien hits the road in this special that brings him and his sense of humor to far-flung destinations. documental,comedydocumental,comedy"},{"title":"Concrete Football","tags":" Jesse Adang, Syrine Boulanouar  The development of professional soccer worldwide owes a great debt to the soccer \u2013 or \"football\" \u2013 that is played on the streets of France. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Concussion","tags":" Stacie Passon Robin Weigert, Maggie Siff, Johnathan Tchaikovsky, Ben Shenkman, Janel Moloney, Emily Kinney A lesbian housewife, feeling trapped in a stale marriage, begins visiting female prostitutes and soon seeks excitement by becoming a sex worker. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Conjuring Spirit","tags":" Van M. Pham Phuong Mai, Quang Su, Hoang Phuc Nguyen, Chi Pu, Tien Pham, Hoai An In the wake of her husband's betrayal, a novelist and mother moves to an old building, where she receives a music box and encounters a strange spirit. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Conor McGregor: Notorious","tags":" Gavin Fitzgerald Conor McGregor From making ends meet to lavish rides and fur coats, the Irish MMA champion grants an all-access pass to the highs \u2013 and lows \u2013 of his ascent. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Consequences\u00a0","tags":" Ozan A\u00e7\u0131ktan Nehir Erdo\u011fan, Tardu Flordun, \u0130lker Kaleli, Serkan Keskin, Esra Bezen Bilgin, Ayta\u00e7 U\u015fun, Cem \u00d6zeren, Caner Ar\u00e7kan Secrets bubble to the surface after a sensual encounter and an unforeseen crime entangle two friends and a woman caught between them. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Contract","tags":" Ram Gopal Varma Adhvik Mahajan, Prasad Purandhare, Sakshi Gulati, Zakir Hussain, Amruta Subhash, Kishore Kadam, Sumeet Nijhawan, Upyendra Limaye Following the death of his wife and daughter in a terrorist attack, an ex-Indian army commando agrees to infiltrate a terrorist cell. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Cooking on High","tags":"  Josh Leyva, Ngaio Bealum In the first-ever competitive cannabis cooking show, two chefs prepare mouthwatering marijuana-infused dishes for a panel of very chill celeb judges. showshow"},{"title":"Cool Hand Luke","tags":" Stuart Rosenberg Paul Newman, George Kennedy, J.D. Cannon, Lou Antonio, Robert Drivas, Strother Martin, Jo Van Fleet, Harry Dean Stanton, Dennis Hopper, Joe Don Baker, James Gammon, Wayne Rogers Luke Jackson likes to do things his own way, which leads to a world of hurt when he ends up in a prison camp \u2013 and on the wrong side of its warden. classic,dramaclassic,drama"},{"title":"Cop and a Half: New Recruit","tags":" Jon Rosenbaum Lou Diamond Phillips, Lulu Wilson, Giles Panton, Janet Kidder, Michael Coleman, Wallace Shawn, Gina Holden, Jordyn Ashley Olson, Vincent Tong, Reese Alexander A world-weary detective is forced to team up with a 12-year-old who thinks she's a cop in order to solve a case that's baffled police. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Coraline","tags":" Henry Selick Dakota Fanning, Teri Hatcher, John Hodgman, Jennifer Saunders, Dawn French, Keith David, Robert Bailey Jr., Ian McShane Curious young Coraline unlocks a door in her family's home and is transported to a universe that strangely resembles her own \u2013 only better. familyfamily"},{"title":"Counterfeiting in Suburbia","tags":" Jason Bourque Sarah Butler, Larissa Albuquerque, Kayla Wallace, Matthew MacCaull, James Dean, Alison Wandzura, Bruce Blain, Natalie Grace, Phillip Mitchell Two teenagers print counterfeit money in their high school art room, but things go terribly wrong when their debt-ridden teacher becomes suspicious. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Court Justice","tags":"  Chris Bourke In a bustling local court in Sydney, 12 magistrates preside over different levels of criminal offenses and deliver life-changing verdicts. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Covered: Alive in Asia","tags":" Micah Bickham, Galley Molina Israel Houghton Christian musician Israel Houghton leads his band Israel & New Breed on a tour supporting their newest album of multicultural, hybrid-genre songs. documental,religion,musicdocumental,religion,music"},{"title":"Crash","tags":" Paul Haggis Sandra Bullock, Don Cheadle, Matt Dillon, Jennifer Esposito, William Fichtner, Brendan Fraser, Terrence Howard, Ludacris, Thandie Newton, Ryan Phillippe, Larenz Tate, Nona Gaye, Michael Pe\u00f1a In post-Sept. 11 Los Angeles, tensions erupt when the lives of people from all walks of life converge during a 36-hour period. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"CRD","tags":" Kranti Kanade Mrinmayee Godbole, Vinay Sharma, Saurabh Saraswat, Isha Keskar, Abhay Mahajan, Geetika Tyagi At odds with his radical instructor's ruthless methods, a drama student assembles his own troupe of misfit actors ahead of a prestigious competition. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Crime Time","tags":"  Augusto Madeira, \u00c9rico Br\u00e1s, Gustavo Machado, Dionisio Neto, Fernanda Vianna, Georgina Castro, Leo Miranda, Marat Descartes, Mauricio Tarcinalli Barros, Sabrina Greve, S\u00e9rgio Malheiros Born into poverty and trapped in a grim job as a cop in the favelas, a wannabe actor forges a bloody path to celebrity and wealth. Based on true events. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon","tags":" Ang Lee Chow Yun Fat, Michelle Yeoh, Zhang Ziyi, Chang Chen, Lung Hsiung, Cheng Pei-pei, Fa Zeng Li, Xian Gao, Yan Hai, De Ming Wang A young woman in ancient China longs for an adventurous life rather than a dull arranged marriage in Ang Lee's Oscar-winning martial arts epic. action,foregin,romanceaction,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Cult of Chucky","tags":" Don Mancini Fiona Dourif, Michael Therriault, Adam Hurtig, Alex Vincent, Jennifer Tilly, Brad Dourif, Summer H. Howell, Grace Lynn Kung, Elisabeth Rosen, Zak Santiago, Ali Tataryn Following a string of murders in the asylum where she's confined, Nica Pierce begins to wonder whether Chucky is real after all. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Cutie and the Boxer","tags":" Zachary Heinzerling Noriko Shinohara, Ushio Shinohara A 2014 Oscar nominee for Best Documentary Feature, this film explores the symbiotic relationship of artists Ushio and Noriko Shinohara. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Daagdi Chaawl","tags":" Chandrakant Kanse Ankush Chaudhari, Makrand Deshpande, Pooja Sawant, Sanjay Khapre, Yatin Karyekar, Kamlesh Sawant, Sandeep Gaikwad, Digvijay Rohidas A simple man's peaceful life is complicated when an incident brings him in contact with a gangster and launches his journey into the underworld. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Dabbe 6: The Return","tags":" Hasan Karacada\u011f Sema \u015eim\u015fek, Nilay G\u00f6k, Volkan \u00dcnal, Fehmi Karaarslan, El\u00e7in Atamg\u00fc\u00e7, \u00d6mer Duran, Murat Sevi\u015f, Aybike Turan, Burak \u00c7imen A cardiologist tries to pinpoint the cause of her mother's sudden death as her sister, who witnessed it, claims malevolent demons are at play. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Dad","tags":" Gary David Goldberg Jack Lemmon, Ted Danson, Olympia Dukakis, Kathy Baker, Kevin Spacey, Ethan Hawke, Zakes Mokae, J.T. Walsh, Peter Michael Goetz, John Apicella, Richard McGonagle, Bill Morey, Mary Fogarty Family bonds are revived after a father is diagnosed with cancer in this bittersweet drama. Dutiful son John cares for his aging father, Jake, but not without complaint. dramadrama"},{"title":"Dad's Army","tags":"  Arthur Lowe, John Le Mesurier, Clive Dunn, John Laurie, Arnold Ridley, Ian Lavender, James Beck, Bill Pertwee This beloved sitcom follows the unlikely heroes of the volunteer British Home Guard as they prepare for German invasion in World War II. foregin,classic,comedyforegin,classic,comedy"},{"title":"Daddy Day Care","tags":" Steve Carr Eddie Murphy, Jeff Garlin, Steve Zahn, Regina King, Anjelica Huston, Kevin Nealon, Jonathan Katz, Siobhan Fallon Hogan, Lisa Edelstein, Lacey Chabert, Laura Kightlinger, Leila Arcieri When a conscientious father loses his lucrative dot-com job and faces economic ruin, he joins two friends in opening a business called Daddy Day Care. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Daddy Issues","tags":" Amara Cash Madison Lawlor, Montana Manning, Andrew Pifko, Monte Markham, Kamala Jones, Jodi Carol Harrison, Seth Cassell, Ronnie Clark, Lissa Danshaw, J.J. Hawkins Maya finally hooks up with her online dream girl, only to discover she\u2019s deeply involved with an older sugar daddy \u2013 a man Maya knows all too well. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Daemonium","tags":" Pablo Par\u00e9s Walter Corn\u00e1s, Dany Casco, Caro Angus, Roc\u00edo Rodr\u00edguez Presedo, Chucho Fern\u00e1ndez, Amanda Nara, Maite Zumelz\u00fa In a realm where magic and technology intersect, a shifty, cigar-smoking wizard finds himself in the middle of a war with the powers of hell. action,suspense,foreginaction,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Daffedar","tags":" Johnson Esthappan Tini Tom, Malavikka, Sudheer Karamana, Indrans A retired government worker continues to dedicate himself to public service, but his principled ways soon clash with those of his extravagant sons. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Dagh Ujala","tags":" Raj Amit Kumar Victor Banerjee, Adil Hussain, Bhanu Uday, Preeti Gupta, Bhavani Lee, Ankur Vikal, Seema Rahmani, Samrat Chakrabarti A lesbian daughter fights off an arranged marriage in India while an Islamic fundamentalist targets an anti-extremist Muslim scholar in New York. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Dallas Buyers Club","tags":" Jean-Marc Vall\u00e9e Matthew McConaughey, Jennifer Garner, Jared Leto, Denis O'Hare, Steve Zahn, Michael O'Neill, Dallas Roberts, Griffin Dunne, Kevin Rankin, Donna DuPlantier Refusing to accept a death sentence from his doctor after being diagnosed with AIDS in 1986, Ron Woodroof smuggles medications from abroad. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Dance Academy","tags":"  Xenia Goodwin, Alicia Banit, Dena Kaplan, Isabel Durant, Thom Green, Jordan Rodrigues, Thomas Lacey, Tim Pocock, Tara Morice Fifteen-year-old Tara Webster's dream of dancing comes true when she gets into a top dance academy. She soon realizes dancing is only half the battle. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Dance Academy: The Comeback","tags":" Jeffrey Walker Xenia Goodwin, Alicia Banit, Dena Kaplan, Jordan Rodrigues, Keiynan Lonsdale, Thomas Lacey, Tara Morice, Miranda Otto In this adaptation of the TV series, Tara recovers from injury and pursues a career in the U.S., where she grapples with love and professional rejection. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Dancing Quietly","tags":" Philipp Eichholtz Martina Sch\u00f6ne-Radunski, Hans-Heinrich Hardt, Sebastian Fr\u00e4sdorf, Claudia Jacob, Deleila Piasko, Tobias Borchers, Ruth Bickelhaupt After years of battling a deep depression, a young woman attempts to pass an important exam with the help of a fellow student. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Dandy","tags":"  Alfonso Herrera, Dami\u00e1n Alc\u00e1zar, Gabriela Roel, Itahisa Machado, Dagoberto Gama, Hern\u00e1n Mendoza, Daniel Mart\u00ednez, Christian Vasquez, Aleyda Gallardo, Danny Perea, Pakey V\u00e1zquez, F\u00e1tima Molina, H\u00e9ctor Holten, Carlos Valencia A law professor is enlisted by Mexico's attorney general to join a special operations unit infiltrating the capital's most notorious drug cartel. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Dangerous Roads","tags":"  Adrian Dunbar, Sue Perkins, Charley Boorman, Rhod Gilbert, Greg Davies, Ben Fogle, Hugh Dennis, Ed Byrne, Andy Parsons, Liza Tarbuck, David Baddiel Using various 4x4 vehicles, celebrities steer their way across some of the most infamous roads and trickiest terrains on earth. foregin,documentalforegin,documental"},{"title":"Danny Says","tags":" Brendan Toller Danny Fields, Iggy Pop, Alice Cooper, Judy Collins, Tommy Ramone, Jac Holzman, Lenny Kaye, Wayne Kramer, John Cameron Mitchell, Jann Wenner This documentary profiles eccentric publicist Danny Fields, who helped launch the careers of innovative new artists who would become musical icons. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Dante's Peak","tags":" Roger Donaldson Pierce Brosnan, Linda Hamilton, Elizabeth Hoffman, Jamie Ren\u00e9e Smith, Jeremy Foley, Charles Hallahan, Grant Heslov, Kirk Trutner, Arabella Field, Tzi Ma When a volcanologist comes to investigate the recent rumblings of a dormant volcano, a massive eruption has everyone in town fighting for their lives. actionaction"},{"title":"Dare to Be Wild","tags":"   Irish landscape designer Mary Reynolds fights to bring her wild and unconventional style to the esteemed Chelsea Flower Show. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Dark Chocolate (Bengali Version)","tags":" Agnidev Chatterjee Riya Sen, Mahima Chaudhry, Rajesh Sharma, Indrasish Roy, Mumtaz Sorcar, Sudip Mukherjee, Shataf Figar, Koushik Sen In this Bangla thriller inspired by a true story, the discovery of a charred corpse in the woods leads to a high-profile murder investigation. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Dark Crimes","tags":" Alexandros Avranas Jim Carrey, Marton Csokas, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Agata Kulesza, Kati Outinen, Zbigniew Zamachowski, Danuta Kowalska, Vlad Ivanov, Robert Wi\u0119ckiewicz, Piotr G\u0142owacki A detective on a cold murder case discovers that a famous writer\u2019s latest novel contains details chillingly similar to the crime he\u2019s investigating. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Dark Places","tags":" Gilles Paquet-Brenner Charlize Theron, Nicholas Hoult, Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz, Tye Sheridan, Sterling Jerins, Corey Stoll, Christina Hendricks, Drea de Matteo, Sean Bridgers, Andrea Roth Years after surviving a brutal crime as a child, Libby Day comes to believe that the brother she testified against for committing it may be innocent. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Darna Mana Hai","tags":" Prawal Raman Aftab Shivdasani, Antara Mali, Boman Irani, Isha Koppikar, Nana Patekar, Raghuvir Yadav, Rajpal Yadav, Revathy, Saif Ali Khan, Sameera Reddy, Sanjay Kapoor, Shilpa Shetty, Sohail Khan, Vivek Oberoi Stranded in a jungle when their car breaks down, six friends pass their time exchanging horror stories, unaware that they may be part of one themselves. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Darr Sabko Lagta Hai","tags":"  Bipasha Basu In this chilling horror anthology series, actress and model Bipasha Basu meets people who have had disconcerting paranormal experiences. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Darra","tags":" Parveen Kumar Gurpreet Ghuggi, Happy Raikoti, Kartar Cheema, Sardar Sohi, Shavendra Mahal, Karamjit Anmol, Pammi Bai, Nirmal Rishi, Manpreet Saggu After returning from school and getting married, a popular farmer begins to arouse resentment and jealousy among those around him. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Daughters of the Dust","tags":" Julie Dash Cora Lee Day, Alva Rogers, Barbarao, Trula Hoosier, Adisa Anderson, Kaycee Moore, Bahni Turpin, Cheryl Lynn Bruce, Tommy Redmond Hicks, Cornell Royal An African American Gullah family leaves their coastal island home in 1902 and risks losing their culture to start a new life on the U.S. mainland. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Day and Night","tags":"  Pan Yueming, Wang Longzheng, Liang Yuen, L\u00fc Xiaolin, Yin Shuyi, Hou Xuelong, Song Naigang A detective assists with an investigation into a brutal mass murder case in which his twin brother is the prime suspect. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Days We Stared at the Sun","tags":"  Sean Huang, Chang Chia-yu, Wu Chien-ho, Teresa Daley, Yong Lea, Edison Song, Shan Cheng-ju, Iris Hu, Hsia Teng-hung A model student resorts to violence after witnessing greed and corruption wreak havoc on his life. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Dayveon","tags":" Amman Abbasi Devin Blackmon, Dontrell Bright, Kordell \"KD\" Johnson, Lachion Buckingham, Chasity Moore, Marquell Manning, Shavidee Trotter, Maurice Everett Following the shooting death of his older brother, a depressed and aimless 13-year-old boy falls in with a gang in rural Arkansas. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"De Film van Dylan Haegens","tags":" Dylan Haegens, Bas van Teylingen Dylan Haegens, Nick Golterman, Marit Brugman, Ilse Warringa, Teun Peters, Patrick Stoof, Rick Vermeulen, Rico Verhoeven A YouTuber becomes obsessed with figuring out how his copycat archnemesis manages to steal all of his ideas. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"De Palma","tags":" Noah Baumbach, Jake Paltrow Brian De Palma Iconoclastic film director Brian DePalma takes a look back at the production of such classic movies as \"Carrie,\" \"Scarface\" and \"The Untouchables.\" documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Dead in a Week (Or Your Money Back)","tags":" Tom Edmunds Tom Wilkinson, Aneurin Barnard, Freya Mavor, Marion Bailey, Christopher Eccleston, Nigel Lindsay, Velibor Topic After several failed attempts at taking his own life, a young man hires an aging assassin who\u2019ll do anything to fend off retirement. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Deadline: Sirf 24 Ghante","tags":" Tanveer Khan Irrfan Khan, Konkona Sen Sharma, Rajit Kapoor, Sandhya Mridul, Zakir Hussain, Rajeev Verma, Princey Shukla A surgeon\u2019s perfect life is rattled when his daughter is taken hostage in their own home and he's given 24 hours to pay a hefty ransom. foregin,foregin,suspenseforegin,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Deadly Scholars","tags":" Danny J. Boyle Kennedy Lea Slocum, Corey Fogelmanis, Alexa Mansour, Peyton Clark, Sheryl Lee, Sherri Saum, Eric Stanton Betts, Paris Berelc, Pedro Correa, Alissa Latow After a series of strange deaths, a high school reporter tries to pin down the killer who's targeting students eligible for a prestigious scholarship. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Dean","tags":" Demetri Martin Demetri Martin, Kevin Kline, Gillian Jacobs, Rory Scovel, Ginger Gonzaga, Reid Scott, Mary Steenburgen, Briga Heelan, Christine Woods, Peter Scolari As his father takes steps to move on, a New Yorker grieving his mom's death visits Los Angeles where new possibilities may bring him out of his funk. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Dear Dad","tags":" Tanuj Bhramar Arvind Swamy, Himanshu Sharma, Ekavali Khanna, Aman Uppal, Bhavika Bhasin A father and son bond on an impromptu road trip over deep conversations, unexpected confessions, strange encounters ... and a drunken escapade. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Dear Dracula","tags":" Chad Van De Keere Nathan Gamble, Ray Liotta, Emilio Estevez, Ariel Winter, Matthew Lillard, Yuri Lowenthal, Marion Ross, Tara Strong When he gets a fan letter from a young monster movie buff, Dracula visits him and soon has a new friend helping him to get his confidence back. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Dear Santa","tags":" Jason Priestley Amy Acker, David Haydn-Jones, Patrick Creery, Gina Holden, James Dugan, Margherita Donato, Brooklynn Proulx, James D. Hopkin, Bob Irvine Finding a letter mailed to Santa by a girl asking for a new wife for her daddy, twentysomething Crystal sets out to make the girl's wishes come true. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Death at a Funeral","tags":" Neil LaBute Chris Rock, Martin Lawrence, Tracy Morgan, Danny Glover, James Marsden, Luke Wilson, Zoe Saldana, Regina Hall, Columbus Short, Peter Dinklage, Kevin Hart, Loretta Devine, Regine Nehy, Keith David, Ron Glass When a Los Angeles family's patriarch dies, his dutiful eldest son plans the funeral \u2013 which becomes a fiasco thanks to a colorful cast of attendees. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Death House","tags":" Harrison Smith Cody Longo, Cortney Palm, Adrienne Barbeau, Michael Berryman, Barbara Crampton, Sid Haig, Gunnar Hansen, Lindsay Hartley, Kane Hodder, Lloyd Kaufman, Camille Keaton, Bill Moseley, Tony Todd, Dee Wallace, Vincent Ward, Vernon Wells Two federal agents battle through an army of rioting prisoners \u2013 and their sense of reality \u2013 inside a high-tech prison modeled after Dante\u2019s Inferno. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Deathgrip","tags":" Clay Porter Brendan Fairclough, Olly Wilkins, Kyle Jameson, Andrew Neethling, Nico Vink, Ryan Howard, Sam Hill, Josh Bryceland, Brandon Semenuk Mountain bikers \u2013 including legend Brendan Fairclough \u2013 put their skills to the test and engage in daring feats set against vivid backdrops. foregin,sportsforegin,sports"},{"title":"Deep Undercover Collection","tags":"  Dave B. Mitchell Former FBI agent Joe Pistone, the real-life \"Donnie Brasco,\" hosts this series that reveals the true stories of undercover crime-fighting operations. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Deep Water","tags":"  Noah Taylor, Yael Stone, Jeremy Lindsay Taylor, Danielle Cormack, Ben Oxenbould, Dan Spielman, Craig McLachlan, William McInnes, Olivia McNamara, John Brumpton, Simon Burke, Simon Elrahi, Victoria Haralabidou, Renee Lim, Julian Maroun, George Harrison Xanthis Back in Bondi Beach, where she grew up, DC Tori Lustigman investigates a gay man's murder and finds a link to her brother's death decades earlier. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Deewangee","tags":" Anees Bazmee Ajay Devgn, Akshaye Khanna, Urmila Matondkar, Farida Jalal, Vijayendra Ghatge Hired by a singer to defend her friend, who has been accused of murder, a formidable lawyer learns that the man he represents may not be innocent. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Defying the Nazis: The Sharps' War","tags":" Ken Burns, Artemis Joukowsky Tom Hanks, Marina Goldman This film documents the story of minister Waitstill Sharp and his wife, Martha, who risked everything to save thousands of refugees fleeing the Nazis. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Delirium","tags":" Dennis Iliadis Topher Grace, Genesis Rodriguez, Patricia Clarkson, Callan Mulvey, Robin Thomas, Daisy McCrackin A man with a history of mental issues moves into his late parents' mansion and comes to suspect his new home may be haunted. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Democrats","tags":" Camilla Nielsson  After Zimbabwe's disputed 2008 election results, political enemies are asked to write a new constitution and save their country from a bleak future. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Den of Thieves","tags":" Christian Gudegast Gerard Butler, Pablo Schreiber, O'Shea Jackson Jr., 50 Cent, Meadow Williams, Maurice Compte, Brian Van Holt, Evan Jones, Mo McRae, Kaiwi Lyman A highly skilled crew of bank robbers plotting a heist at the supposedly impenetrable Federal Reserve faces off against an elite unit of L.A. cops. actionaction"},{"title":"Denis Leary: No Cure For Cancer","tags":" Ted Demme Denis Leary In the stand-up performance that made him a legend, comedian Denis Leary caustically holds forth on nonsmokers, vegetarians and other undesirables. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Desolation","tags":" Sam Patton Jaimi Paige, Alyshia Ochse, Toby Nichols, Claude Duhamel Along with her son and best friend, a grieving widow hikes into the woods to scatter her late husband's ashes, only to discover they're being stalked. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Detention Letter","tags":" Mohamed Samy Mohamed Ramadan, Dina El-Sherbiny, Eyad Nassar, Sayed Rajab, Walid Fawaz, Eman El-Assy A man begins to regret his choices when his brother decides to join him as a member of the same terrorist organization. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Detour","tags":" Christopher Smith Tye Sheridan, Bel Powley, Emory Cohen, Gbenga Akinnagbe, Jared Abrahamson, John Lynch, Stephen Moyer Convinced his stepfather caused the crash that left his mother in a coma, a law student drunkenly agrees to his murder, then can't rescind the deal. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Deviant Love","tags":" Michael Feifer Emma Bell, Nick Ballard, Bradley Bundlie, Gail O'Grady, Corbin Timbrook, Kate Lang Johnson, Robert Adamson, Caia Coley, Alicia James, Sotida Arpon In a tailspin after her marriage collapses, Jamie falls for a helpful gentleman whose interest in her welfare hides sinister motives. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Devil's Bride","tags":" Saara Cantell Tuulia Eloranta, Magnus Krepper, Elin Petersdottir, Claes Malmberg, Kaija Pakarinen, Antti Reini, Lauri Tanskanen, Johanna af Schult\u00e9n, Maria Sid, Pirkko H\u00e4m\u00e4l\u00e4inen, Sonja Halla-aho On a small Finnish island in 1666, a teenage girl in love with a married fisherman becomes the center of a tragic witch hunt and power struggle. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Devil's Gate","tags":" Clay Staub Amanda Schull, Milo Ventimiglia, Shawn Ashmore, Bridget Regan, Jonathan Frakes, Sarah Constible, Spencer Drever, Javier Botet Seeking a missing woman in North Dakota, an FBI agent and a sheriff focus on her religious zealot husband but discover something far more sinister. suspense,fantasy,suspensesuspense,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Devlok with Devdutt Pattanaik","tags":"  Rasika Dugal, Devdutt Pattanaik Through chats with host Rasika Dugal, mythologist Devdutt Pattanaik explores the meaning and modern-day relevance of Indian folklore and philosophy. foreginforegin"},{"title":"Devrai","tags":" Sumitra Bhave, Sunil Sukthankar Atul Kulkarni, Sonali Kulkarni, Tushar Dalvi, Devika Daftardar, Amruta Subhash, Mohan Agashe, Ashwin Chitale, Jyoti Subhash After science student Shesh Shahi \u2013 a shy eccentric with a strange connection to nature \u2013 is examined by a team of mental hospital doctors, a gripping portrait of schizophrenia emerges. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Dexter","tags":"  Michael C. Hall, Jennifer Carpenter, David Zayas, James Remar, C.S. Lee, Lauren V\u00e9lez, Desmond Harrington, Julie Benz, Christina Robinson, Geoff Pierson By day, mild-mannered Dexter is a blood-spatter analyst for the Miami police. But at night, he is a serial killer who only targets other murderers. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Dhamaal","tags":" Indra Kumar Sanjay Dutt, Riteish Deshmukh, Arshad Warsi, Aashish Chaudhary, Javed Jaffrey, Prem Chopra, Asrani, Tiku Talsania Tipped off about buried money in Goa, four ne\u2019er-do-well friends go on the hunt, chased by a police officer who wants the treasure for himself. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Di Renjie zhi Sidatianwang","tags":" Hark Tsui Mark Chao, Feng Shaofeng, Kenny Lin, Carina Lau, Ethan Juan, Sandra Ma Framed by an empress who plans to steal a dragon-taming mace, imperial magistrate Dee Renjie soon uncovers a greater plot that threatens the kingdom. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Diana: 7 Days That Shook the World","tags":" Ben Ryder James D'Arcy This illuminating documentary examines the aftermath of Princess Diana\u2019s tragic death and the tense, dramatic week leading up to her funeral. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Diana: In Her Own Words","tags":"   Featuring archival footage and personal recordings, this documentary offers candid insight into the life of the beloved princess. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Diary of a Chambermaid","tags":" Beno\u00eet Jacquot L\u00e9a Seydoux, Vincent Lindon, Clotilde Mollet, Herv\u00e9 Pierre, M\u00e9lodie Valemberg, Patrick d'Assum\u00e7ao, Vincent Lacoste, Jos\u00e9phine Derenne, Dominique Reymond An attractive young woman goes to work as a chambermaid for a troublesome couple. The wife is unreasonable, and the husband won't stop hitting on her. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Die Another Day","tags":" Lee Tamahori Pierce Brosnan, Halle Berry, Toby Stephens, Rick Yune, Rosamund Pike, Judi Dench, John Cleese, Michael Madsen, Will Yun Lee, Kenneth Tsang, Emilio Echevarr\u00eda, Mikhail Gorevoy, Lawrence Makoare, Colin Salmon, Samantha Bond Pierce Brosnan's final outing as 007 finds James Bond facing off against a North Korean terrorist who's in league with a British diamond merchant. actionaction"},{"title":"Dil Hai Tumhaara","tags":" Kundan Shah Rekha, Preity Zinta, Mahima Chaudhry, Arjun Rampal, Jimmy Shergill, Alok Nath, Dilip Joshi, Govind Namdeo The sophisticated son of a powerful businessman falls for a simple, free-spirited girl whose older sister is in love with him. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Dinner for Five","tags":"   In each episode, four celebrities join host Jon Favreau for dinner and share revealing stories about both show business and their personal lives. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Dinner for Schmucks","tags":" Jay Roach Steve Carell, Paul Rudd, Zach Galifianakis, Jemaine Clement, Jeff Dunham, Bruce Greenwood, Ron Livingston, Chris O'Dowd, Lucy Punch, Stephanie Szostak, David Walliams, Larry Wilmore The host of a dinner party invites his friends to bring the saddest loser they can find. But the ultimate schmuck turns everyone else into the losers. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Dino Hunt","tags":"   Top scientists and paleontologists examine dinosaur fossils located throughout Canada, while searching for elusive new species. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Disciples Of The 36th Chamber","tags":" Chia-Liang Liu Hou Hsiao, Gordon Liu, Lily Li, Jason Pai Piao, Chia-Liang Liu Shaolin monk San Te returns to protect a fellow hero with a talent for finding trouble in this action-packed sequel to \"The 36th Chamber of Shaolin.\" action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Discovering Bigfoot","tags":" Todd Standing Todd Standing Follow Todd Standing, Dr. Jeff Meldrum and other researchers into the wilderness, where they try to capture definitive proof of Sasquatch's existence. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Dismissed","tags":" Benjamin Arfmann Kent Osborne, Dylan Sprouse, Rae Gray, Alycia Delmore, Robert Longstreet, Chris Bauer, Randall Park, Mitchell Edwards, Victoria Zeutzius, Leslie Thurston, Matthew J. Evans An intelligent but intense honor student traumatizes his high school teacher and mentor when he doesn't get the grade he believes he deserves. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"District 9","tags":" Neill Blomkamp Sharlto Copley, Jason Cope, David James, Vanessa Haywood, Mandla Gaduka, Kenneth Nkosi, Eugene Khumbanyiwa, Louis Minnaar, William Allen Young, Nathalie Boltt After years of segregation and forced labor, a race of stranded aliens enlists in a resistance movement spearheaded by a rogue government agent. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Doctor Zhivago","tags":" David Lean Omar Sharif, Julie Christie, Geraldine Chaplin, Rod Steiger, Alec Guinness, Tom Courtenay, Siobhan McKenna, Ralph Richardson, Jeffrey Rockland A young physician and his beautiful mistress get swept up in the danger and drama of the Bolshevik Revolution in this Oscar-winning epic. classic,drama,romanceclassic,drama,romance"},{"title":"Dog Eat Dog","tags":" Paul Schrader Nicolas Cage, Willem Dafoe, Christopher Matthew Cook, Omar J. Dorsey, Louisa Krause, Melissa Bolona, Reynaldo Gallegos A delusional ex-con rejoins his unhinged former partners for one last job: kidnap the baby of a mobster's enemy for ransom. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Dolphin Kick","tags":" Philip Marlatt Axle McCoy, Travis McCoy, Tyler Jade Nixon, Alexis Louder, DeVaughn Gow, LaVaughn Hamilton, Maya Simmons, Quddus Newton, Jordan Padreira, Derek Lee Nixon After losing his mom, 10-year-old Luke abandons competitive swimming. It takes a friendly dolphin to get him back in the water \u2013 and help him heal. familyfamily"},{"title":"Dolphin Tale 2","tags":" Charles Martin Smith Morgan Freeman, Ashley Judd, Harry Connick Jr., Kris Kristofferson, Nathan Gamble, Austin Stowell, Juliana Harkavy, Charles Martin Smith, Austin Highsmith, Cozi Zuehlsdorff Winter the dolphin, who survived a tragic injury by receiving a prosthetic tail, bonds with an orphaned baby dolphin after her beloved pool mate dies. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Domino","tags":" Brian De Palma Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Carice van Houten, Eriq Ebouaney, Guy Pearce, Mohammed Azaay, S\u00f8ren Malling, Paprika Steen, Helena Kaittani A Copenhagen police officer hunts for the man who attacked his partner, only to stumble into a high-stakes game of espionage. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Don Quixote: The Ingenious Gentleman of La Mancha","tags":" Mahin Ibrahim, Austin Kolodney, Will Lowell, David Beier, Dave Dorsey, Xu Zhang, Alana Waksman, Jon YonKondy, Drue Metz, Brandon Somerhalder Carmen Argenziano, Horatio Sanz, Luis Guzman, Vera Cherny, Lorena McGregor, Reinaldo Zavarce, Jacquie Barnbrook, Anthony Skordi, Lin Shaye, James Franco In this modern adaptation of a Spanish classic, an eccentric, elderly gentleman sets out with his honest sidekick to right the wrongs of the world. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Don Verdean","tags":" Jared Hess Sam Rockwell, Amy Ryan, Will Forte, Danny McBride, Jemaine Clement, Leslie Bibb, Steve Park, Sky Elobar, P.J. Boudousqu\u00e9, Yaniv Moyal A questionable character working as a self-styled \"biblical archaeologist\" advances his cause by creating phony religious artifacts. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Don't Be Afraid of the Dark","tags":" Troy Nixey Katie Holmes, Guy Pearce, Bailee Madison, Jack Thompson, Garry McDonald, Alan Dale, Julia Blake, Edwina Ritchard, Emilia Burns, Guillermo del Toro Young Sally Hurst discovers she isn't alone in her new house: strange creatures live there \u2013 and they might not be as friendly as Sally thinks. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Don't Crack Under Pressure","tags":" Thierry Donard Davide Carrera, Jesse Richman, Loic Collomb-Patton, Wille Lindberg, Matt Annetts There are risks. Then there are risk-takers. In an around-the-world trip, follow athletes perform jaw-dropping acts in unpredictable elements of nature. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Don't Crack Under Pressure II","tags":" Thierry Donard Davide Carrera, Eric Duguil, Jesse Richman, Richie Jackson, Loic Collomb-Patton, Wille Lindberg, Matt Annetts Using state-of-the-art technology, this stunning sequel follows athletes pulling off daring feats under extreme conditions in extraordinary locations. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Don't Crack Under Pressure III","tags":" Thierry Donard Temarii Buillard, Davide Carrera, Jesse Richman, Loic Collomb-Patton, Wille Lindberg, Matt Annetts Through deserts, above mountains and deep into oceans, elite athletes \u2014 both veteran and new \u2014 form bonds and pursue adventure in sumptuous landscapes. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Don't Knock Twice","tags":" Caradog W. James Katee Sackhoff, Lucy Boynton, Richard Mylan, Nick Moran, Pascale Wilson, Javier Botet, Pooneh Hajimohammadi, Sarah Buckland A recovering addict becomes her estranged daughter's only hope after the teen awakens a terrifying child-stealing witch from an urban legend. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Don't Look Down","tags":" Daniel Gordon Richard Branson Aided by dramatic reconstructions and archive footage, Sir Richard Branson recounts his daring attempts to break hot air balloon records. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Don't Think Twice","tags":" Mike Birbiglia Keegan-Michael Key, Gillian Jacobs, Mike Birbiglia, Kate Micucci, Chris Gethard, Richard Masur, Tami Sagher, Erin Darke Six talented but struggling improv comics see a sudden shift in their troupe's dynamic after one of them lands a much-coveted gig on television. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Donnie Brasco","tags":" Mike Newell Al Pacino, Johnny Depp, Michael Madsen, Bruno Kirby, James Russo, Anne Heche, Zeljko Ivanek, Gerry Becker, Robert Miano, Zach Grenier When FBI agent Joe Pistone goes undercover to infiltrate the mob, he starts to identify with the made men he's charged with taking down. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Doom","tags":" Andrzej Bartkowiak Karl Urban, Rosamund Pike, Dwayne Johnson, Deobia Oparei, Ben Daniels, Razaaq Adoti, Richard Brake, Dexter Fletcher, Al Weaver, Brian Steele A special ops squad investigating a distress signal from a distant planet discovers that mutant aliens have already wiped out most of the population. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Doomsday Preppers","tags":"  Michael Izquierdo This series highlights a diverse group of survivalists as they prepare for various catastrophic scenarios that could cause civilization to collapse. show,documentalshow,documental"},{"title":"Doubles Cause Troubles","tags":" Wong Jing Carol 'Do Do' Cheng, Maggie Cheung, Wilson Lam, Chan Pak-cheung, Charlie Cho, Tom Poon, Kwan Ming-yuk, Hon Yee-Sang, Sherman Wong, Lo Fan When the tenant in their flat dies under suspicious circumstances, two bickering cousins are forced to navigate both sides of the law. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Doubt","tags":" John Patrick Shanley Meryl Streep, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Amy Adams, Viola Davis, Alice Drummond, Audrie Neenan, Susan Blommaert, Carrie Preston, Lydia Jordan, Lloyd Clay Brown Sister Aloysius begins to have doubts about doting Father Flynn, who seems to have become overly involved in the life of an African American pupil. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"Down The Fence","tags":" M.J. Isakson  The human-equine bond propels the unique and challenging sport of reined cow horse, in which dedicated trainers compete for the national championship. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Dr. Seuss' The Cat in the Hat","tags":" Bo Welch Mike Myers, Alec Baldwin, Kelly Preston, Dakota Fanning, Spencer Breslin, Amy Hill, Sean Hayes, Dan Castellaneta While Mom is away, a bored little boy and girl are visited by the Cat in the Hat, who proceeds to turn the house into the \"mother of all messes.\" family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Dr. Seuss' The Grinch","tags":" Scott Mosier, Yarrow Cheney Benedict Cumberbatch, Cameron Seely, Rashida Jones, Pharrell Williams, Kenan Thompson, Angela Lansbury A grump with a mean streak plots to bring Christmas to a halt in the cheerful town of Whoville. But a generous little girl could change his heart. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Dragonheart","tags":" Rob Cohen Sean Connery, Dennis Quaid, David Thewlis, Pete Postlethwaite, Dina Meyer, Jason Isaacs, Brian Thompson, Julie Christie In ancient times when majestic fire-breathers soared through the skies, a knight comes face to face and heart to heart with the last dragon on Earth. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Dragonheart 3: The Sorcerer","tags":" Colin Teague Julian Morris, Tamzin Merchant, Ben Kingsley, Jassa Ahluwalia, Jonjo O'Neill, Dominic Mafham, Roger Ashton-Griffiths, Jake Curran, Duncan Preston, Ozama Oancea When an aspiring knight crosses paths with a dragon, the two form an unlikely alliance in a high-stakes battle against a malicious sorcerer. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Dragonheart: A New Beginning","tags":" Doug Lefler Christopher Masterson, Harry Van Gorkum, Rona Figueroa, Matt Hickey, Henry O, Tom Burke, Robby Benson, Ken Shorter, John Woodnutt, Lubomir Misak This sequel introduces Draco the dragon's offspring, Drake, who dreams of becoming a knight and teams up with a stable boy to master his skills. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Dragonheart: Battle for the Heartfire","tags":" Patrik Syversen Tom Rhys Harries, Jessamine-Bliss Bell, Patrick Stewart, Andr\u00e9 Eriksen, Richard Cordery, Martin Hutson, Turlough Convery, Delroy Brown, Tamzin Merchant When the king of Brittania dies, the dragon who shares his heart must find a new ruler, but the monarch's grandchildren go to war over the throne. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Dramaworld","tags":"  Liv Hewson, Sean Dulake, Justin Chon, Noo-Ri Bae, Sa-hee Kim, Jimmy Shubert A huge fan of a Korean TV drama is transported to a magical realm where she has the power to alter her favorite show's story line as a \"Facilitator.\" romance,comedy,dramaromance,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Dream Big: Engineering Our World","tags":" Greg MacGillivray Jeff Bridges Narrated by Jeff Bridges, this compelling documentary examines some incredible achievements of engineering from across the globe. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Dream Boat","tags":" Tristan Ferland Milewski  On a cruise for gay men, five passengers of different nationalities take a break from their families and cultures to party and reflect on life. documental,foregin,lgbtdocumental,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Dries","tags":" Reiner Holzemer Dries Van Noten This documentary explores the intense passion and distinctive talent that make Dries Van Noten one of the most unique fashion designers in the world. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Driven to Dance","tags":"  Juliet Doherty, Kaitlyn Black A young dancer grapples with her dream to join a famed ballet company against the wishes of her mother, who pushes her to pursue a more practical path. dramadrama"},{"title":"Drugs, Inc.","tags":"  Mike Secher This absorbing documentary series follows the entire supply chain of the illicit drug trade, tracing its production, export, sale and consumption. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Due\u00f1os del para\u00edso","tags":"  Kate del Castillo, Jorge Zabaleta, Jos\u00e9 Mar\u00eda Torre, Tony Dalton, G\u00e9raldine Baz\u00e1n, Ximena Duque, Adriana Barraza, Juan Pablo Llano, Daniela Wong, Tiago Correa, Margarita Mu\u00f1oz, Miguel Varoni, Ariel Texido, Mar\u00eda Luisa Flores, Alberto Jim\u00e9nez, Andrea L\u00f3pez, Maxi Iglesias, Jorge Hern\u00e1ndez, Alberto Mateo, Sof\u00eda Lama When Anastasia Cardona's drug lord husband is murdered, she inherits his cocaine empire, leading to a life of wealth, power, violence and betrayal. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Dukhtar","tags":" Afia Nathaniel Samiya Mumtaz, Mohib Mirza, Saleha Aref, Asif Khan, Adnan Shah, Ajab Gul, Abdullah Jan, Samina Ahmad, Omair Rana, Zeeshan Shafa A young mother embarks on a desperate quest for freedom when she kidnaps her 10-year-old daughter to save her from a tribal marriage. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Dum","tags":" Eeshwar Nivas Vivek Oberoi, Diya Mirza, Atul Kulkarni, Govind Namdeo, Mukesh Rishi, Sushant Singh, Yashpal Sharma, Sheeba When one of his colleagues becomes corrupted by power and goes over to the dark side, a young police officer tries to bring the offender to justice. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd","tags":" Troy Miller Eric Christian Olsen, Derek Richardson, Rachel Nichols, Cheri Oteri, Luis Guzm\u00e1n, Elden Henson, William Lee Scott, Mimi Rogers, Eugene Levy This wacky prequel to the 1994 blockbuster goes back to the lame-brained title characters' days as classmates at a Rhode Island high school. comedycomedy"},{"title":"E-Cigarettes: Miracle or Menace?","tags":" Emma Hatherley Michael Mosley This documentary investigates the surge in vaping culture and whether e-cigarettes can really help smokers kick the habit. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Earth to Echo","tags":" Dave Green Teo Halm, Astro, Reese Hartwig, Ella Wahlestedt, Jason Gray-Stanford, Algee Smith, Cassius Willis, Sonya Leslie, Kerry O'Malley, Virginia Louise Smith, Peter Mackenzie, Valerie Wildman When a construction project begins in their neighborhood, four friends start receiving bizarre encoded text messages on their cell phones. family,fantasyfamily,fantasy"},{"title":"Earth to Luna!","tags":"  Angelina Carballo, Raul-Gomez Pina, Eric Anderson Curious about everything and excited about science, 6-year-old Luna, her brother Jupiter and pet Clyde explore nature to learn about the world. familyfamily"},{"title":"Earth's Natural Wonders","tags":"  Olivia Colman Earth's most sublime landscapes can also be the most forbidding. Discover how inhabitants survive and flourish in our planet's harshest environments. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"East Side Sushi","tags":" Anthony Lucero Diana Elizabeth Torres, Yutaka Takeuchi, Rodrigo Duarte Clark, Kaya Jade Aguirre, Roji Oyama, Lane Nishikawa, Miyoko Sakatani She\u2019s not the usual candidate for the role, but a dogged Mexican-American mother makes it her mission to become a talented sushi chef. dramadrama"},{"title":"Easy A","tags":" Will Gluck Emma Stone, Penn Badgley, Amanda Bynes, Dan Byrd, Thomas Haden Church, Patricia Clarkson, Cam Gigandet, Lisa Kudrow, Malcolm McDowell, Aly Michalka When a lie about Olive's reputation transforms her from anonymous to infamous at her high school, she decides to embrace a provocative new persona. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Easy Fortune Happy Life","tags":"  Lan Cheng-lung, Joe Chen, Roy Chiu, Jocelyn Wang, Chieh-kai Shiou, Ting Chiang, Wang Chuan Years after a wealthy man is healed by a rural herbalist, fate lands him in the same hospital where the woman's granddaughter is treating patients. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Eat Pray Love","tags":" Ryan Murphy Julia Roberts, James Franco, Javier Bardem, Richard Jenkins, Viola Davis, Billy Crudup, Hadi Subiyanto, Mike O'Malley, Tuva Novotny, Luca Argentero After deciding to reshape her life after divorce, Liz travels around the world in search of good food, spirituality and true love. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Eddie Murphy: Delirious","tags":" Bruce Gowers Eddie Murphy Flashing the wild stand-up comedy that made him a household name, Eddie Murphy unleashes uncensored observations and parodies in this 1983 live show. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Eeda","tags":" Ajithkumar Shane Nigaam, Nimisha Sajayan, Manikandan R. Achari, Alencier Ley Lopez, Sujith Sankar, P. Balachandran, Sudhi Koppa Two young adults with families on opposite ends of the political spectrum fall in love in a Kerala city torn by violence. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Eh Janam Tumhare Lekhe","tags":" Harjit Singh Pavan Malhotra, Sudhanshu Aggarwal, Arjuna Bhalla, Avrinder Kaur, Arvinder Bhatti, Master Yuvraj, Jai Bharti, Gagandeep Singh Driven by the lessons he learned from his mother, and the values of the Sikh religion, a man sets out on a mission to serve humanity. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ek Cup Chya","tags":" Sumitra Bhave, Sunil Sukthankar Kishore Kadam, Ashwini Giri, Kamal Desai, Devika Daftardar, Sunil Sukthankar, Shriram Ranade, Padmanabh Bind A poor bus conductor's efforts at obtaining information about his enormous electricity bill are hindered by a corrupt system. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Ek Hasina Thi","tags":" Sriram Raghavan Saif Ali Khan, Urmila Matondkar, Seema Biswas, Pratima Kazmi, Aditya Srivastava, Rasika Joshi, Madan Joshi, Seema Adhikari Imprisoned for underworld crimes she didn\u2019t commit, a vengeful woman breaks free and goes scorched earth on the smooth-talking suitor who framed her. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"El \u00faltimo testigo","tags":" Philipp St\u00f6lzl Aaron Eckhart, Liana Liberato, Olga Kurylenko, Garrick Hagon, Eric Godon, Yassine Fadel, Neil Napier, David Bark-Jones, Alexander Fehling, Nick Alachiotis, Jade Hassoun\u00e9 A security expert and ex-CIA agent living in Belgium must go on the run with his estranged teen daughter when they're both marked for assassination. actionaction"},{"title":"El Barco","tags":"  Juanjo Artero, Mario Casas, Blanca Su\u00e1rez, Irene Montal\u00e0, Luis Callejo, Neus Sanz, Juan Pablo Shuk, Ivan Massagu\u00e9, Marina Salas, Bernab\u00e9 Fern\u00e1ndez, Javier Hern\u00e1ndez, Patricia Arb\u00faes, David Seijo, Giselle Calder\u00f3n Forty young crew members traveling aboard a training vessel are in for the adventure of a lifetime \u2013 especially when a storm leaves them lost at sea. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"El Cartel","tags":"  Manolo Cardona, Karen Mart\u00ednez, Robinson D\u00edaz, Diego Cadavid, Fernando Sol\u00f3rzano, Julian Arango, Sandra Reyes, Juan Pablo Raba, Fernando Ar\u00e9valo One man makes a fateful decision to get involved with a Colombian drug cartel in this series based on a novel by Andr\u00e9s L\u00f3pez L\u00f3pez. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"El Cartel 2","tags":"  Diego Cadavid, Robinson D\u00edaz, Patricia Manterola, Carolina Guerra, John \u00c1lex Toro, Luis Eduardo Arango, Alejandro Mart\u00ednez, Juan Sebasti\u00e1n Arag\u00f3n, V\u00edctor Mallarino, Santiago Moure, Carlos Echavarr\u00eda, John Gertz Drug trafficker Pepe Cadena navigates the treacherous waters of warring cartels in Mexico and Colombia while avoiding capture by the DEA and police. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"El Chavo","tags":"  Roberto G\u00f3mez Bola\u00f1os, Mar\u00eda Antonieta de las Nieves, Carlos Villagr\u00e1n, Florinda Meza Garc\u00eda, Angelines Fern\u00e1ndez Abad, Rub\u00e9n Aguirre Fuentes, Edgar Vivar, Ram\u00f3n G\u00f3mez Valdez de Castillo El Chavo is a poor, nameless orphan who lives in an apartment building with La Chilindrina, Quico, Do\u00f1a Florinda, Don Ram\u00f3n and Professor Jirafales. classic,family,foreginclassic,family,foregin"},{"title":"El Che","tags":" Mat\u00edas Gueilburt Paco Ignacio Taibo II Spanish-Mexican writer Paco Ignacio Taibo II hits the road to trace the footsteps of Ernesto \"Che\" Guevara and sheds new light on the revolutionary. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"El Clon","tags":"  Mauricio Ochmann, Sandra Echeverr\u00eda, Sa\u00fal Lisazo, Roberto Moll, Geraldine Zivic, Andrea L\u00f3pez, Juan Pablo Raba, Daniel Lugo Religion thwarted Lucas and Jade's young love. They reunite decades later, but Jade's heart is torn between the man she knew and his younger clone. romance,foregin,dramaromance,foregin,drama"},{"title":"El fin de ETA","tags":" Justin Webster  This documentary chronicles the decade-long process that led to the end of the ETA, a Basque terrorist group that operated for more than 50 years. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"El Vato","tags":"  El Dasa, Cristina Rodlo, Ricardo Polanco, Gustavo Egelhaaf, Mauricio Mart\u00ednez, Itat\u00ed Cantoral, Arcelia Ram\u00edrez, Horacio Castelo, F\u00e1tima Molina, Leonardo Daniel, Giancarlo Vidrio, M\u00f3nica Dionne, Sebasti\u00e1n Ferrat, Mauricio Isaac, Aldo Gallardo, Julio Casado, Arnulfo Reyes Sanchez, Jos\u00e9 Mar\u00eda de Tavira, Pablo Bracho, Patricio Sebasti\u00e1n Regional Mexican singer El Vato and his friends struggle to succeed in the enticing but deceptive music world in Los Angeles, California. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Elephants Dream 4 Hour","tags":" Bassam Kurdali Cas Jansen, Tygo Gernandt Friends Proog and Emo live in a capricious, seemingly infinite machine with a sinister purpose in this experimental computer-animated short. foregin,fantasyforegin,fantasy"},{"title":"Elizabeth at 90: A Family Tribute","tags":" John Bridcut  A blend of the royal family's intimate recollections and rarely seen home movies pays tribute to Queen Elizabeth II on the eve of her 90th birthday. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Elizabeth Harvest","tags":" Sebastian Gutierrez Abbey Lee, Ciar\u00e1n Hinds, Carla Gugino, Matthew Beard, Dylan Baker When a young newlywed enters the one chamber in her husband\u2019s mansion that\u2019s off-limits, she faces the horrifying consequences of defying the rules. drama,fantasydrama,fantasy"},{"title":"Elles \u00e9taient en guerre (1914-1918)","tags":" Fabien Beziat, Hugues Nancy Nathalie Baye Trace the overlapping journeys of exceptional women swept up in World War I and hear their tales of bravery on history's front lines. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Elstree 1976","tags":" Jon Spira Paul Blake, Jeremy Bulloch, John Chapman, Anthony Forrest, Laurie Goode, Garrick Hagon, Derek Lyons, Angus MacInnes, David Prowse, Pam Rose Then and now footage of bit players who appeared in \"Star Wars\" tells the story of how the film and its legions of fans changed their lives forever. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Emelie","tags":" Michael Thelin Sarah Bolger, Joshua Rush, Carly Adams, Thomas Bair, Susan Pourfar, Chris Beetem A suburban couple hires a new sitter to watch their three kids for the night, unaware that the young woman isn't who she claims to be. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Emma' (Mother)","tags":" Riri Riza Cut Mini Theo, Christoffer Nelwan, Arman Dewarti, Jajang C. Noer, Indah Permatasari, Dimi Cindyastira, Irmawati Jabbar, Andreuw Parinussa, Fanesa Kayla In 1950s Makassar, the life of a devoted mother is upended when another woman enters her husband's life. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Emo the Musical","tags":" Neil Triffett Benson Jack Anthony, Jordan Hare, Rahart Adams, Jon Prasida, Lucy Barrett, Ben Bennett, Craig Hyde-Smith, Geraldine Viswanathan, Kevin Clayette, Bridie Carter Expelled from private school for attempted suicide, emo Ethan enters the world of Seymour High and meets a cute Christian who's ready to convert him. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Emogenius","tags":"  Hunter March Two pairs of contestants go head-to-head for several rounds, deciphering puzzles and messages comprised of emojis for a chance at a $10,000 prize. showshow"},{"title":"Empire of Scents","tags":" Kim Nguyen  This documentary explores the extent to which our sense of smell directs our survival instincts and enriches our sensual experiences. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Employee of the Month","tags":" Greg Coolidge Dane Cook, Jessica Simpson, Dax Shepard, Andy Dick, Tim Bagley, Brian George, Efren Ramirez, Marcello Thedford, Danny Woodburn, Harland Williams Warehouse workers Vince and Zack compete in a full-on war to be named Employee of the Month and win a date with their dream girl. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Encounter: The Killing","tags":" Ajay Phansekar Naseeruddin Shah, Tara Deshpande, Akash Khurana, Ratna Pathak Shah, Dilip Prabhavalkar, Avtar Gill After accidentally killing a young mobster, a guilt-stricken police officer searches for the parents who never came forward to claim their son's body. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Encounters with Evil","tags":"  Richard Lintern This documentary series tries to get at the root of some of the most heinous crimes ever committed by deranged, cold-blooded criminals. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"End of Watch","tags":" David Ayer Jake Gyllenhaal, Michael Pe\u00f1a, Natalie Martinez, Anna Kendrick, David Harbour, Frank Grillo, America Ferrera, Cle Sloan, Jaime FitzSimons, Cody Horn, Shondrella Avery, America Ferrara Officers Taylor and Zavala patrol the streets of South Central Los Angeles, an area of the city ruled by gangs and riddled with drug violence. actionaction"},{"title":"Enemy","tags":" Denis Villeneuve Jake Gyllenhaal, M\u00e9lanie Laurent, Sarah Gadon, Isabella Rossellini, Joshua Peace, Tim Post When a humdrum academic spots his double in a movie, he launches a search that leads him to a small-time actor who looks exactly like him. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Enlighten Us","tags":" Jenny Carchman James Arthur Ray This documentary digs deep to recount the saga of the superstar self-help guru convicted of negligent homicide in the deaths of three followers. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Entanglement","tags":" Jason James Thomas Middleditch, Jess Weixler, Diana Bang, Randal Edwards, Marilyn Norry, Johannah Newmarch, Nicole LaPlaca After his ailing father makes a shocking confession, a desperately depressed man sets out to find the woman he believes will change his destiny. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Enter the Dragon","tags":" Robert Clouse Bruce Lee, John Saxon, Jim Kelly, Ahna Capri, Kien Shih, Robert Wall, Angela Mao, Betty Chung, Geoffrey Weeks, Bolo Yeung, Peter Archer Recruited by a British agent, Shaolin master Lee infiltrates a remote island and a brutal martial arts tournament to spy on a sinister crime lord. action,classicaction,classic"},{"title":"Equals","tags":" Drake Doremus Nicholas Hoult, Kristen Stewart, Jacki Weaver, Guy Pearce, Rebecca Hazlewood, Scott Lawrence, Kai Lennox, Rizwan Manji Two young lovers depart from the norm simply by having romantic feelings for each other in a society where humans have been relieved of all emotions. drama,romance,fantasydrama,romance,fantasy"},{"title":"Equilibrium","tags":" Kurt Wimmer Christian Bale, Emily Watson, Taye Diggs, Angus Macfadyen, Sean Bean, Sean Pertwee, Matthew Harbour, William Fichtner In a dystopian future, a totalitarian regime maintains peace by subduing the populace with a drug, and displays of emotion are punishable by death. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Escape from the \"Liberty\" Cinema","tags":" Wojciech Marczewski Janusz Gajos, Zbigniew Zamachowski, Teresa Marczewska, Piotr Fronczewski, W\u0142adys\u0142aw Kowalski, Micha\u0142 Bajor, Jan Peszek, Jerzy Bi\u0144czycki Artistic rebellion ignites at the movies when film characters suddenly speak freely to the audience, prompting a surly censor to combat the uprising. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Esperando La Carroza","tags":" Alejandro Doria Luis Brandoni, China Zorrilla, Antonio Gasalla, Julio De Grazia, Betiana Blum, Monica Villa, Juan Manuel Tenuta, Andrea Tenuta, Cecilia Rossetto, Enrique Pinti Cora has three sons and a daughter and she\u00b4s almost 80. One day during a family reunion the big question comes up: who will be her heir? comedy,classic,foregincomedy,classic,foregin"},{"title":"Estar o no estar","tags":" Marcelo Gonz\u00e1lez Flavio Medina, Aislinn Derbez, Patricia Reyes Sp\u00edndola, Tiar\u00e9 Scanda, Ang\u00e9lica Arag\u00f3n, Horacio Castelo, Gonzalo Garcia Vivanco, Rub\u00e9n Gonz\u00e1lez Garza, Iliana de la Garza, Mary Paz Mata An ill and addled man recalls what seems to be a brief but powerful past romance with a kindred spirit, a young Russian woman who lived a lonely life. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Ethirmarai","tags":"  Ramanathan, Rakesh While investigating a brutal string of deaths, a detective begins to suspect that mind control may have played a part in the murders. foregin,music,suspenseforegin,music,suspense"},{"title":"Euphoria","tags":" Valeria Golino Riccardo Scamarcio, Valerio Mastandrea, Isabella Ferrari, Valentina Cervi, Jasmine Trinca, Andrea Germani, Marzia Ubaldi, Iaia Forte An entrepreneur prone to partying and his estranged brother, a teacher resigned to a humdrum life, begin to bond under fragile circumstances. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Evan Almighty","tags":" Tom Shadyac Steve Carell, John Goodman, Molly Shannon, Lauren Graham, Graham Phillips, Johnny Simmons, Morgan Freeman, Wanda Sykes, John Michael Higgins, Jonah Hill, Jimmy Bennett God summons narcissistic Evan to build an ark in preparation for a flood. Meanwhile, Evan's family interprets his new hobby as a midlife crisis. family,comedy,religionfamily,comedy,religion"},{"title":"Event Horizon","tags":" Paul W.S. Anderson Laurence Fishburne, Sam Neill, Kathleen Quinlan, Joely Richardson, Richard T. Jones, Jack Noseworthy, Jason Isaacs, Sean Pertwee After a signal is received from a long-missing spaceship, a rescue ship investigates, but the crew soon realizes something unimaginable has happened. suspense,fantasysuspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Every Time I Die","tags":" Robi Michael Drew Fonteiro, Marc Menchaca, Michelle Macedo, Tyler Fleming, Melissa Macedo, Kenneth Moronta, Frankie Hinton After a paramedic\u2019s violent death during a weekend trip, his spirit inhabits his friends\u2019 bodies in an effort to save them from a similar fate. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Everybody Knows","tags":" Asghar Farhadi Pen\u00e9lope Cruz, Javier Bardem, Ricardo Dar\u00edn, Eduard Fern\u00e1ndez, B\u00e1rbara Lennie, Inma Cuesta, Elvira M\u00ednguez, Ram\u00f3n Barea, Carla Campra, Sara S\u00e1lamo, Roger Casamajor, Jos\u00e9 \u00c1ngel Egido Journeying back to her small Spanish hometown for her sister's wedding, Laura must grapple with long-buried secrets when her daughter is abducted. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Everyday Miracles","tags":"  Mark Miodownik Materials scientist Mark Miodownik takes us into the world of everyday objects that make our lives more comfortable than those of our ancestors. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Evolution","tags":" Ivan Reitman David Duchovny, Julianne Moore, Orlando Jones, Seann William Scott, Ted Levine, Ethan Suplee, Michael Bower, Pat Kilbane, Ty Burrell, Dan Aykroyd After two community college geology professors discover microscopic alien life-forms on a meteorite, the military and government become involved. comedy,fantasycomedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Ex Machina","tags":" Alex Garland Domhnall Gleeson, Alicia Vikander, Oscar Isaac, Sonoya Mizuno, Claire Selby, Symara Templeman, Gana Bayarsaikhan, Tiffany Pisani, Corey Johnson, Evie Wray, Deborah Rosan A coder at a tech company wins a week-long retreat at the compound of his company's CEO, where he's tasked with testing a new artificial intelligence. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Ex-Boyfriend","tags":"  Tony Yang, Nana Lee, Jerry Huang, Liao Yi Chiao Still haunted by the traumatic event that ended her high school romance, a young professional gets a new subordinate: her former sweetheart. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Executive Decision","tags":" Stuart Baird Kurt Russell, Halle Berry, John Leguizamo, Oliver Platt, Steven Seagal, Joe Morton, David Suchet, BD Wong, Len Cariou, Whip Hubley When terrorists hijack a 747 and turn it into a nerve gas bomb aimed at Washington, D.C., commandos use an experimental plane to try to stop them. actionaction"},{"title":"Exit Afghanistan","tags":" Anders S\u00f8mme Hammer, Marius Arnesen, Klaus Erik Okstad, Olav Njaastad  Featuring interviews with participants on all sides, this documentary questions Norway and the West's protracted military involvement in Afghanistan. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Exit Strategy","tags":" Michael Whitton Jameel Saleem, Kimelia Weathers, Quincy Harris, Big Boy, Kevin Hart, Misty Alli, Noelle Balfour, Sid Burston, Carlos Castillo, Liz Hernandez, Nick Sinise When James's living situation turns sour, he has little choice but to move in with his new girlfriend \u2013 a decision he almost immediately regrets. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Exit Wounds","tags":" Andrzej Bartkowiak Steven Seagal, DMX, Isaiah Washington, Anthony Anderson, Michael Jai White, Bill Duke, Jill Hennessy, Tom Arnold, Bruce McGill, David Vadim, Eva Mendes Maverick cop Orin Boyd joins forces with an unlikely ally in gangster Latrell Walker to take down a group of dirty Detroit cops. actionaction"},{"title":"Expo","tags":" Joseph Mbah Derek Davenport, Amelia Haberman, Shepsut Wilson, Titus Covington, Hayley Vrana, Michael Alvarez, Richard Lippert, Alfoniso Lopez Mistakenly accused of kidnapping, a veteran soldier leaves a trail of broken bad guys in his wake as he tries to rescue a teen sex trafficking victim. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Extras","tags":"  Ricky Gervais, Stephen Merchant, Ashley Jensen, Shaun Williamson, Shaun Pye Grasping hungrily for stardom, bit actor Andy Millman and his pal Maggie spend their days chasing after work as film and TV extras. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Eyyvah Eyyvah","tags":" Hakan Alg\u00fcl Demet Akba\u011f, Ata Demirer, \u00d6zge Borak, Bican G\u00fcnalan, Salih Kalyon, Tanju Tuncel, Meray \u00dclgen A clarinet player who lives with his grandparents in a small village is forced to move to Istanbul, where he meets a singer enjoying sudden fame. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Eyyvah Eyyvah 2","tags":" Hakan Alg\u00fcl Demet Akba\u011f, Ata Demirer, \u00d6zge Borak, Salih Kalyon, Tanju Tuncel, Meray \u00dclgen, Bican G\u00fcnalan, Tar\u0131k \u00dcnl\u00fco\u011flu, Ay\u015fenil \u015eaml\u0131o\u011flu H\u00fcseyin has found his father, and now has one more mission \u2013 to get together with the girl of his dreams, with a little help from his new friend. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Eyyvah Eyyvah 3","tags":" Hakan Alg\u00fcl Demet Akba\u011f, Ata Demirer, \u00d6zge Borak, Salih Kalyon, Tanju Tuncel, Serra Y\u0131lmaz, Tar\u0131k \u00dcnl\u00fco\u011flu, Ay\u015fenil \u015eaml\u0131o\u011flu Life is tough for H\u00fcseyin after marrying his true love. He works day and night to support his growing family, while singer Firuzan copes with fame. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Ezel","tags":"  Kenan \u0130mirzal\u0131o\u011flu, Cansu Dere, Haluk Bilginer, Yi\u011fit \u00d6z\u015fener, Bar\u0131\u015f Falay, Bur\u00e7in Terzio\u011flu, Bade \u0130\u015f\u00e7il, Sarp Akkaya, \u0130pek Bilgin, Salih Kalyon, Tuncel Kurtiz, Sedef Avc\u0131, Berrak T\u00fcz\u00fcnata\u00e7, \u0130smail Filiz A young man framed for a crime escapes a prison sentence by faking his own death and assuming a new identity as he seeks revenge. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"F the Prom","tags":" Benny Fine Cameron Palatas, Richard Karn, Cheri Oteri, Danielle Campbell, Nicholle Tom, Joel Courtney, Luke Bilyk Maddy and Cole were inseparable before high school. Then she got popular; he didn't. But after Maddy is betrayed, she and Cole reunite \u2013 to ruin prom. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Face 2 Face","tags":" Matt Toronto Daniela Bobadilla, Daniel Amerman, Kevin McCorkle, Mary Gordon Murray, Emily Jordan, Karrie Cox, Nicholas James Reilly, Enspirit, Sheldon A. Smith, Michael Soulema Two former friends, who now live far apart, learn about each other's insecurities and secrets over a series of video chats. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Fairy Tail","tags":"  Tetsuya Kakihara, Aya Hirano, Rie Kugimiya, Yuichi Nakamura, Sayaka Ohara, Satomi Sato, Yui Horie, Hiroki Yasumoto, Ryoko Ono, Hiroki Touchi, Shinpachi Tsuji, Wataru Hatano, Mai Nakahara, Katsuyuki Konishi, Eri Kitamura, Todd Haberkorn, Cherami Leigh, Tia Lynn Ballard, Newton Pittman, Colleen Clinkenbeard, Brittney Karbowski, Jad Saxton, Christopher R. Sabat, Monica Rial, Rick Keeling, R. Bruce Elliott, David Wald, Brina Palencia, Patrick Seitz, Jamie Marchi When four young wizards team up to take jobs across the kingdom, they forge a bond more powerful than any magic and grow stronger with every mission. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Fake or Fortune?","tags":"  Fiona Bruce, Philip Mould, Bendor Grosvenor Fiona Bruce and Philip Mould use investigative skills and scientific techniques to determine if paintings are real or just impressive forgeries. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"Fakta Ladh Mhana","tags":" Sanjay Jadhav Sachin Khedekar, Bharat Jadhav, Aniket Vishwasrao, Siddarth Jadhav, Sanjay Narvekar, Vaibhav Mangale, Santosh Juvekar, Sanjay Khapre, Mahesh Manjrekar A young man enlists the help of his friends to avenge his uncle's death by taking on a powerful, unscrupulous politician. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Fall Girls","tags":" Chris Stokes Amara La Negra, Erica Hubbard, Joely Fisher, Paris Phillips, Erica Peeples, Tami Roman, Alfred Thomas II, J-Boog, Hunter Ives, Dylan Mooney Following a night of hard partying that left their tycoon boss dead, four women try to keep it a secret in hopes of closing a billion-dollar deal. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Fallen","tags":" Gregory Hoblit Denzel Washington, John Goodman, Donald Sutherland, Embeth Davidtz, James Gandolfini, Elias Koteas, Gabriel Casseus, Michael J. Pagan, Robert Joy A tough homicide cop faces his most dangerous assignment when he must stop a murderous evil spirit who can move from one host to the next. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Familiye","tags":" Sedat Kirtan, Kubilay Sarikaya Kubilay Sarikaya, Arnel Taci, Muhammed Kirtan, Violetta Schurawlow, Burak Yi\u011fit, Giwar Xatar Hajabi, Ridvan Kirtan, Ilhan Erdinc, Michael Hanemann, Sedat Kirtan An ex-con struggles to take care of his two brothers, a gambling addict and a young man with Down syndrome, after being released from prison. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Famous in Ahmedabad","tags":" Hardik Mehta  Follow an 11-year-old boy as he goes from ordinary child to colorful competitor in his quest for a big win at India\u2019s biggest kite-flying festival. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Fanatic","tags":" Keith L. Smith Denyce Lawton, Hosea Chanchez, Michelle Mitchenor, Darius McCrary, Shawne Merriman, Sticky Fingaz, Miguel A. N\u00fa\u00f1ez Jr., Masika Kalysha, Zac Titus When a successful young rap star has an affair with an obsessive fan, his life is turned upside down when she kidnaps him. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Fandry","tags":" Nagraj Manjule Somnath Awghade, Suraj Pawar, Chhaya Kadam, Kishore Kadam, Rajeshwari Kharat, Bhushan Manjule, Nagraj Manjule, Sohail Shaikh, Sanjay Chaudhri, Vikas Pandurang Patil Spunky, lower-caste lad Jabya falls for lovely, upper-caste Shalu. But his family's derided social position proves a stubborn stumbling block to love. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Farce","tags":" Shadi Ali Ahmed Fathy, Bayoumi Fouad, Sami Maghouri, Mohammed Tharwat, Mohamed Salam, Haya Ibrahim, Mohsen Mansour A beauty expert, a drug dealer and a bungling revolutionary end up in the grips of an extremist group after meeting on a plane to Lebanon. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Father Brown","tags":" Ian Barber Mark Williams, Sorcha Cusack, Nancy Carroll, Alex Price, Hugo Speer, Tom Chambers, Keith Osborn A modest, compassionate priest doubles as an effective crime solver in this series based on the short stories by G.K. Chesterton. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas","tags":" Terry Gilliam Johnny Depp, Benicio Del Toro, Tobey Maguire, Ellen Barkin, Gary Busey, Christina Ricci, Mark Harmon, Cameron Diaz, Katherine Helmond, Michael Jeter, Craig Bierko, Lyle Lovett, Flea, Christopher Meloni, Harry Dean Stanton, Tim Thomerson A sportswriter and his Samoan lawyer embark on a hallucinogenic three-day romp from Los Angeles to Las Vegas in this counterculture cult favorite. comedy,classic,dramacomedy,classic,drama"},{"title":"Fear Files... Har Mod Pe Darr","tags":"   Possessed lovers, witches, haunted houses and more bring tales of horror to the screen in this anthology series. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Feel Rich","tags":" Peter Spirer Quincy Jones, Common, Russell Simmons, Fat Joe, Paul Wall, Quincy Jones III Talking squarely to the hip-hop generation, musicians, athletes and others outline the benefits of exercise, a healthy diet and spiritual wellness. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Fiddler on the Roof","tags":" Norman Jewison Topol, Norma Crane, Leonard Frey, Molly Picon, Paul Mann, Rosalind Harris, Michele Marsh, Neva Small, Paul Michael Glaser, Ray Lovelock This adaptation of the musical chronicles the trials of a Jewish peasant, his wife, and their three strong-willed daughters in pre-revolutionary Russia. classic,drama,musicclassic,drama,music"},{"title":"Fifty","tags":" Biyi Bandele Dakore Akande, Ireti Doyle, Nse Ikpe-Etim, Omoni Oboli In Lagos, Nigeria, four successful women on the verge of 50 take stock of their lives and loves over the course of one week. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Figaro Pho","tags":" Luke Jurevicius Luke Jurevicius Quirky little Figaro has a whole alphabet's worth of phobias. These wordless animated shorts follow his many fears from A to Z. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Figures of Speech","tags":" Ari Levinson Chris Pine In this documentary, passionate high schoolers travel the country and come of age during a turbulent yearlong prep for a national speech competition. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Filinta","tags":"  Onur Tuna, Serhat Tutumluer, Mehmet \u00d6zg\u00fcr, Naz Elmas, Kayra \u015eenocak, Kamil G\u00fcler, Ceyhun Ergin, Burcu \u00c7oban, Umut K\u0131rcal\u0131, Sencer Serta In 19th-century Istanbul, a young police officer investigates crimes and falls in love with the daughter of a wealthy merchant conspiring against him. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"Filmworker","tags":" Tony Zierra Leon Vitali Leon Vitali had a thriving acting career most others would envy. Then he gave it all up to devote himself completely to the vision of Stanley Kubrick. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Filosofi Kopi The Movie","tags":" Angga Dwimas Sasongko Chicco Jerikho, Rio Dewanto, Julie Estelle, Jajang C. Noer, Slamet Rahardjo, Otig Pakis, Arash Buana, Hazel Raditya, Dimas Harya, Westny Dj The level-headed owner of a struggling coffee shop finds his future at risk when his partner \u2013 a talented but cocky barista \u2013 makes a major bet. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Final Destination","tags":" James Wong Devon Sawa, Ali Larter, Kerr Smith, Kristen Cloke, Seann William Scott, Tony Todd, Daniel Roebuck, Chad Donella, Roger Guenveur Smith, Amanda Detmer After narrowly avoiding a fatal plane explosion, a group of seemingly lucky teen classmates finds that Death is not so easily cheated. classic,suspense,suspenseclassic,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Final Destination 2","tags":" David R. Ellis Ali Larter, A.J. Cook, Michael Landes, Terrence 'T.C.' Carson, Jonathan Cherry, Keegan Connor Tracy, Sarah Carter, Lynda Boyd, David Paetkau, Justina Machado On a road trip with friends, Kimberly has a premonition that saves everyone from a freak accident. More terrifying visions prompt her to seek help. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Final Destination 3","tags":" James Wong Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Ryan Merriman, Kris Lemche, Alexz Johnson, Sam Easton, Jesse Moss, Gina Holden, Texas Battle, Chelan Simmons, Crystal Lowe, Amanda Crew When a girl prevents her premonition of a deadly roller-coaster mishap from coming true, the survivors must face the consequences of cheating death. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Fire at Sea","tags":" Gianfranco Rosi Samuele Caruana, Giuseppe Fragapane Heartbreak, hope and nostalgia collide in this complex portrait of Lampedusa, a Mediterranean island where thousands of migrants land each year. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Fireflies","tags":" Sabal Singh Shekawat Rahul Khanna, Arjun Mathur, Shivani Ghai, Monica Dogra, Aadya Bedi Grappling with love and loss in their respective lives, two estranged brothers must confront their traumatic, unresolved past when they cross paths. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"First Impression","tags":" Arthur Muhammad Lamman Rucker, Lisa Arrindell Anderson, Elise Neal, Kendrick Cross Unaware they\u2019ve matched online, a struggling writer embellishes his lifestyle to impress a successful exec with whom he sparks an unexpected romance. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"First Kill","tags":" Steven C. Miller Hayden Christensen, Bruce Willis, Gethin Anthony, Megan Leonard, Tyler Jon Olson, Shea Buckner, William DeMeo, Magi Avila, Ty Shelton, Christine Dye A stock broker brings his young son back to the town where he grew up for a hunting trip, but things take a dangerous turn when they witness a crime. actionaction"},{"title":"FirstBorn","tags":" Nirpal Bhogal Antonia Thomas, Luke Norris, Thea Petrie, Eileen Davies, Jonathan Hyde A young couple fights supernatural foes in an attempt to save their daughter from the dark and mysterious forces that follow her every move. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Fishtail","tags":" Andrew Renzi Harry Dean Stanton Harry Dean Stanton narrates this documentary that follows two modern-day cowboys as they welcome new calves at Montana's Fishtail Basin Ranch. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Fittest in Dubai","tags":" Gerry Blaksley  Top athletes from around the globe test their fitness in a four-day competition at the first-ever CrossFit Sanctional event. Let the games begin. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Five Elements Ninjas","tags":" Cheh Chang Tien-chi Cheng, Tien Hsiang Lung, Meng Lo, Michael Chan Wai-Man, Pei Hsi Chen, Li Wang, Ke Chu When five ninjas whose fighting styles are based on natural elements unleash their fury on a rival school, a lone survivor vows deadly revenge. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Fix It and Finish It","tags":"  Antonio Sabato Jr. A team of skilled contractors and designers hosted by Antonio Sabato Jr. renovates houses, cabins and even RVs, transforming properties in one day. showshow"},{"title":"Flash of Genius","tags":" Marc Abraham Greg Kinnear, Lauren Graham, Dermot Mulroney, Alan Alda, Bill Smitrovich, Mitch Pileggi, Daniel Roebuck, Tim Kelleher, Aaron Abrams, Chuck Shamata, Andrew Gillies A college professor goes up against the giants of the auto industry when they fail to give him credit for inventing intermittent windshield wipers. dramadrama"},{"title":"Flimflam","tags":" Khaled Marei Ahmed Helmy, Donia Samir Ghanim, Sabrine, Bayyumi Fuad, Jamila Adel Awad, Bea, Yasser El Tobgy, Enaam Salousa Nosy family in tow, a fun-loving bachelor goes on a romantic getaway, but he ends up pretending to be married to a complete stranger to avoid trouble. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Flock of Four","tags":" Gregory Caruso Braeden Lemasters, Isaac Jay, Uriah Shelton, Dylan Riley Snyder, Coco Jones, Shane Harper, Nadji Jeter, Connor Paolo, Gatlin Green, Reg E. Cathey One night in 1959, four young musicians venture from Pasadena to South-Central Los Angeles in the hopes of hearing a living jazz legend play. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Flowering Heart","tags":"  Choi Da-in, Yang Se-na, Gim Chae-eun, Esther, Um Sang-hyun, Shin Yong-woo An ordinary student, who forms an advice club with her friends to help others, gains special powers after a mysterious encounter. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Flying Guillotine 2","tags":" Kang Cheng, Shan Hua Feng Ku, Chung Wang, Szu Shih, Lung Ti, Lo Lieh, Szu-Chia Chen The emperor's reign of terror expands. Heroic outlaw Ma Teng joins a squad of female rebels, whose leader is torn between family loyalties. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Follow Me","tags":" Asri Bendacha Asri Bendacha Aspiring to be an internet celebrity and make big bucks, a filmmaker travels the world to learn the tricks of the trade from social media influencers. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Footprints in the Sand","tags":"  Yenn Teoh, Leslie Chai, Elvis Chin, Candy Ice, Jacky Kam, Jordan Voon, Alvin Wong Familial bonds strain as dramas concerning love, greed, business and generosity simmer across generations. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Footprints: The Path of Your Life","tags":" Juan Manuel Cotelo  This documentary follows 10 men who agree to walk the Camino de Santiago, a 500-mile, 40-day trek that will challenge their strength and faith. documental,religion,foregindocumental,religion,foregin"},{"title":"For Colored Girls","tags":" Tyler Perry Kimberly Elise, Janet Jackson, Loretta Devine, Thandie Newton, Anika Noni Rose, Kerry Washington, Tessa Thompson, Phylicia Rashad, Whoopi Goldberg, Omari Hardwick, Macy Gray, Michael Ealy, Richard Lawson, Hill Harper, Khalil Kain This adaptation of Ntozake Shange's play consists of a series of poetic vignettes that explore the lives of modern African American women. dramadrama"},{"title":"For Grace","tags":" Mark Helenowski, Kevin Pang  As chef Curtis Duffy oversees every aspect of opening his own restaurant, Grace, he recalls his turbulent childhood and difficult adult relationships. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"For Greater Glory","tags":" Dean Wright Rub\u00e9n Blades, Bruce Greenwood, Bruce McGill, Peter O'Toole, Andy Garcia, Nestor Carbonell, Eduardo Ver\u00e1stegui, Catalina Sandino Moreno, Eva Longoria, Santiago Cabrera, Adrian Alonso, Oscar Isaac, Mauricio Kuri When a vicious war against Catholics is waged in Mexico in the 1920s, a retired general joins the militia fighting to preserve religious freedom. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"For Love or Money","tags":" Mark Murphy Robert Kazinsky, Samantha Barks, Ed Speleers, Tony Way, Rachel Hurd-Wood, Ivan Kaye, Anna Chancellor, David Hargreaves, Tanya Reynolds When a goofy but likable millionaire discovers his fianc\u00e9e\u2019s plan to steal his wealth, he devises an unromantic scheme to make her life a living hell. comedycomedy"},{"title":"For the Birds","tags":" Richard Miron Kathy Murphy A woman with a passion for fowl keeps a menagerie of birds that draws the ire of neighbors, animal rights advocates and even her own family. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"For the Love of Benji","tags":" Joe Camp Patsy Garrett, Cynthia Smith, Allen Fiuzat, Ed Nelson, Art Vasil, Peter Bowles, Bridget Armstrong, Mihalis Lambrinos, Dean Goss, Tony Alatis Benji and his owner get separated in Greece. On his quest to find them, he's targeted by various bad guys who want to get their hands on him. familyfamily"},{"title":"For the Win","tags":"  Brodie Smith Frisbee national champion Brodie Smith challenges inventive athletes across the US to an exhibition match in the unconventional sports they've created. showshow"},{"title":"Forbidden Games: The Justin Fashanu Story","tags":" Jon Carey, Adam Darke Justin Fashanu, John Fashanu This documentary chronicles the tragic, true story of Justin Fashanu, the first \u2013 and only \u2013 openly gay man to have played professional soccer. documental,foregin,lgbtdocumental,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Forbidden Planet","tags":" Fred M. Wilcox Leslie Nielsen, Walter Pidgeon, Anne Francis, Jack Kelly, Warren Stevens, James Drury, Earl Holliman A pulp-fiction sci-fi classic, Forbidden Planet stars Leslie Nielsen as a heroic starship captain who finds the paradise planet Altair-IV. action,classic,fantasyaction,classic,fantasy"},{"title":"Forces of Nature","tags":"   This dynamic series spans the globe to explain the complex natural forces that govern the planet, from shape and color to motion and the elements. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Forever Chape","tags":" Luis Ara  In the wake of the plane crash that claimed the lives of 71 people, the Brazilian soccer club Chapecoense seeks to rebuild the team that made history. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Forever Pure","tags":" Maya Zinshtein  The furor over the addition of two Muslim players to the Beitar Jerusalem soccer club underscores the role of institutionalized racism in Israel. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Forget Me Not","tags":"   Teenage Xue Ming was forced to marry the man who raped her. Years after abandoning her young sons to find a better life, can she escape the guilt? foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Forks Over Knives","tags":" Lee Fulkerson  According to the research of two food scientists, the popularity of processed foods has led to epidemic rates of obesity, diabetes and other diseases. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Four Christmases","tags":" Seth Gordon Vince Vaughn, Reese Witherspoon, Robert Duvall, Sissy Spacek, Jon Voight, Jon Favreau, Mary Steenburgen, Dwight Yoakam, Tim McGraw, Kristin Chenoweth A dating couple is forced to spend their first Christmas together visiting each of their four divorced parents \u2013 in a single day. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Four Seasons in Havana","tags":"  Jorge Perugorr\u00eda, Carlos Enrique Almirante, Mario Guerra, Luis Alberto Garc\u00eda, Juana Acosta, Laura Ramos As Havana slowly revolves through the year, wistful detective Mario Conde probes the sultry heart of the city to investigate dark and deadly crimes. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Four Weddings and a Funeral","tags":" Mike Newell Hugh Grant, Andie MacDowell, James Fleet, Simon Callow, John Hannah, Kristin Scott Thomas, David Bower, Charlotte Coleman, David Haig, Rowan Atkinson, Sophie Thompson, Anna Chancellor, Corin Redgrave A commitment-phobic Brit tries to reconnect with an alluring American who's about to make a seemingly awful mistake by marrying a wealthy, boring man. classic,comedy,foreginclassic,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Fracture","tags":" Gregory Hoblit Anthony Hopkins, Ryan Gosling, David Strathairn, Rosamund Pike, Embeth Davidtz, Billy Burke, Cliff Curtis, Fiona Shaw, Bob Gunton, Josh Stamberg Ted Crawford, who allegedly attempted to murder his wife, is now locked in a battle of wits with a young assistant district attorney. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Frances Ha","tags":" Noah Baumbach Greta Gerwig, Mickey Sumner, Charlotte d'Amboise, Adam Driver, Hannah Dunne, Michael Esper, Grace Gummer, Patrick Heusinger, Josh Hamilton, Cindy Katz, Maya Kazan, Justine Lupe, Britta Phillips, Juliet Rylance, Dean Wareham, Michael Zegen Determined to make it as a modern dancer in New York, a young woman pursues her unlikely goal with more enthusiasm than natural talent. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Frasier","tags":"  Kelsey Grammer, Jane Leeves, David Hyde Pierce, Peri Gilpin, John Mahoney, Dan Butler Frasier Crane is a snooty but lovable Seattle psychiatrist who dispenses advice on his call-in radio show while ignoring it in his own relationships. classic,comedyclassic,comedy"},{"title":"Freak Show","tags":" Trudie Styler Alex Lawther, Abigail Breslin, AnnaSophia Robb, Ian Nelson, Celia Weston, Laverne Cox, Bette Midler, Willa Fitzgerald, Larry Pine, John McEnroe, Mickey Sumner, Daniel Bellomy, Wally Dunn, Marceline Hugot Forced to attend a new high school, a glamorous teen navigates hostile territory before taking a stand by running for homecoming queen. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Fred Claus","tags":" David Dobkin Vince Vaughn, Paul Giamatti, John Michael Higgins, Miranda Richardson, Rachel Weisz, Kathy Bates, Trevor Peacock, Ludacris, Elizabeth Banks The holiday season is ruined for Santa Claus when his cranky older brother \u2013 a repo man with a sizable rap sheet \u2013 visits him at the North Pole. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Free Willy","tags":" Simon Wincer Jason James Richter, Lori Petty, Jayne Atkinson, August Schellenberg, Michael Madsen, Michael Ironside, Richard Riehle, Mykelti Williamson, Michael Bacall, Danielle Harris Ordered to clean up the graffiti he painted at a marine theme park, a troubled young boy unexpectedly bonds with a killer whale on exhibit. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Freeway: Crack in the System","tags":" Marc Levin Freeway Rick Ross Take in the true account of drug kingpin \"Freeway\" Rick Ross's empire and how the CIA helped him fuel America's  devastating crack cocaine epidemic. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Freezer's Campaign","tags":" Sameh Abdulaziz Bayyumi Fuad, Chico, Hesham Maged, Ahmed Fathy, Nesreen Ameen, Dareen Haddad, Bushra, Samy Maghawry When climate change makes Egypt freeze over, intelligence officers pose as a film crew on location to seek a device that can eliminate the frost. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"French Dirty","tags":" Wade Allain-Marcus, Jesse Allain-Marcus Wade Allain-Marcus, Arjun Gupta, Melina Lizette, Elsa Biedermann, Katie Blake, Santana Dempsey An aimless, unemployed millennial hangs out with his pals and resists growing up, until an affair with his best friend's girl forces him to change. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Freshman Year","tags":" Jude Okwudiafor Johnson Diallo Thompson, Natalia Dominguez, Benjamin A. Onyango, Gregory Alan Williams, Desalene Jones, Wynton Odd, Ed Gonzalez Moreno, Natasha Dee Davis, Cameron Schaefer, Joshua Flores-Q A devout preacher's son leaves his protective home to begin college and meets a self-reliant student who will test his faith and his heart. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"Friday Night Tykes","tags":"   This docuseries dives into the cutthroat world of Texas youth football, where kids face grueling demands and pressure from coaches and parents to win. documental,showdocumental,show"},{"title":"Friday the 13th","tags":" Marcus Nispel Jared Padalecki, Danielle Panabaker, Amanda Righetti, Travis Van Winkle, Aaron Yoo, Derek Mears, Jonathan Sadowski, Julianna Guill, Ben Feldman, Arlen Escarpeta, Ryan Hansen A group of teenage camp counselors raises the ire of Jason Voorhees, a masked, homicidal maniac, in this remake of the classic slasher flick. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Friend Request","tags":" Simon Verhoeven Alycia Debnam-Carey, William Moseley, Connor Paolo, Brit Morgan, Brooke Markham, Sean Marquette, Liesl Ahlers, Shashawnee Hall, Susan Danford A popular college student's love of social media becomes her biggest regret when a mysterious account marks each of her friends for a grisly demise. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Friends","tags":"  Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow, Matt LeBlanc, Matthew Perry, David Schwimmer This hit sitcom follows the merry misadventures of six 20-something pals as they navigate the pitfalls of work, life and love in 1990s Manhattan. classic,comedyclassic,comedy"},{"title":"From Japan to Egypt","tags":" Mahmoud Karim Ahmed Eid, Saki Tsukamoto, Nada Moussa, Mohammed Tharwat After his wife relocates to her home country of Japan, an Egyptian man \u2013 and father of two rambunctious kids \u2013 tries to win her back. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"From Paris with Love","tags":" Pierre Morel John Travolta, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Kasia Smutniak, Richard Durden, Bing Yin, Amber Rose Revah, Eric Godon, Fran\u00e7ois Bredon, Chems Dahmani, Sami Darr, Didier Constant A low-level intelligence agent gets pulled into action and espionage above his pay grade when he's ordered to assist a trigger-happy senior agent. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Froning: The Fittest Man in History","tags":" Heber Cannon Rich Froning Follow the grueling training regimen of Rich Froning Jr. as he sets his sights on winning an unprecedented fourth CrossFit Games title. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Frozen Planet","tags":" Alastair Fothergill David Attenborough Go on a journey through the Arctic and Antarctic with this visually stunning program that explores these wildernesses and their inhabitants. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Frozen River","tags":" Courtney Hunt Melissa Leo, Misty Upham, Charlie McDermott, Michael O'Keefe, Mark Boone Junior, James Reilly, Jay Klaitz, John Canoe, Dylan Carusona, Michael Sky On a Mohawk reservation on the Canadian border, Ray Eddy teams with a widowed tribe member to smuggle illegal immigrants into the United States. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Full Out","tags":" Sean Cisterna Jennifer Beals, Ana Golja, Art Hindle, Jake Epstein, Ramona Milano, Trevor Tordjman, Lamar Johnson, Asha Bromfield, Sarah Fisher After a debilitating accident ends her Olympic dreams, gymnast Ariana Berlin finds recovery and hope in the world of hip-hop and college athletics. family,drama,sportsfamily,drama,sports"},{"title":"Functional Fitness","tags":" Bob Rose  This documentary explores the challenging, transformative world of high-intensity fitness programs through the eyes of the people who've embraced them. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Furie","tags":" Le Van Kiet Ngo Thanh Van, Phan Thanh Nhien, Mai Cat Vi, Thanh Hoa, Pham Anh Khoa When traffickers kidnap her daughter from their village, vengeful Hai Phuong returns to Saigon \u2013 and her outlaw roots \u2013 to take down the abductors. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Furthest Witness","tags":" Adam Del Giudice Aaron Stanford, Teri Reeves, Sean Patrick Flanery, Forrest Fyre, Steven Michael Quezada, Paul Blott, Travis Hammer, Ryan Begay, Jermaine Washington, Vincent McDaniel Kyle helps people disappear, but when a crazed killer starts hunting down his latest client, he has to decide what he's willing to do to keep her safe. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"G-Force","tags":" Hoyt Yeatman Bill Nighy, Will Arnett, Zach Galifianakis, Kelli Garner, Tyler Patrick Jones, Piper Mackenzie Harris, Gabriel Casseus, Jack Conley, Niecy Nash, Justin Mentell, Nicolas Cage, Sam Rockwell, Jon Favreau, Pen\u00e9lope Cruz, Steve Buscemi, Tracy Morgan When a billionaire sets out to take over the world, only one special forces unit can handle the job \u2013 a squad of highly trained guinea pigs. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Gabriel and the Mountain","tags":" Fellipe Barbosa Jo\u00e3o Pedro Zappa, Caroline Abras, Alex Alembe, Leonard Siampala, Tony B. Lesika, John Goodluck, Rashidi Athuman, Toney Montana, George Ngandu, Rhosinah Sekeleti, Luke Mpata, Lewis Gadson, Manuela Pacq In a drama based on a true story, Brazilian backpacker Gabriel Buchmann spends his gap year exploring Africa. Why does he die in the Malawi mountains? drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Gabru: Hip Hop Revolution","tags":"  Amol Parashar, Harleen Sethi, Chaitanya Sharma, Priya Malik, Pratik Dixit Three young, aspiring Indian rappers make their way in a cutthroat music industry, dreaming of fame, stardom and ultimate hip-hop domination . foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Gagarin: First in Space","tags":" Pavel Parkhomenko Yaroslav Zhalnin, Mikhail Filippov, Olga Ivanova, Vadim Michman, Vladimir Steklov, Viktor Proskurin, Nadezhda Markina, Daniil Vorobyov This biopic of Russian cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin follows his rise from childhood poverty to his selection and training for the 1961 Vostok mission. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Galavant","tags":"  Joshua Sasse, Timothy Omundson, Vinnie Jones, Mallory Jansen, Karen David, Luke Youngblood In a time of legend, Galavant the knight embarks on a quest to save his fair lady and become a hero in this tongue-in-cheek musical comedy. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Galih dan Ratna","tags":" Lucky Kuswandi Refal Hady, Sheryl Sheinafia, Ayu Dyah Pasha, Joko Anwar, Hengky Tarnando, Marissa Anita, Sari Koeswoyo Sparks fly between the new girl at school and the misfit with a passion for music. Yet the world threatens to put a stop to their innocent love song. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Game Winning Hit","tags":"  Lego Lee, Alice Ko, Afalean Lu, Tsai Chen-nan, Wang Chuan, Leiya Gao, Charlize Lin An army deserter hiding out in a small coastal town becomes the coach of a youth baseball team and develops warm relationships in his new community. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Gangs of Hassepur","tags":"  Ragini Khanna, Mandira Bedi, Tanishaa Mukerji Training a keen eye on hot-button political topics, this variety show features stand-up comedy, sketches and sarcastic celebrity impersonations. foregin,comedy,comedyforegin,comedy,comedy"},{"title":"Gangs of New York","tags":" Martin Scorsese Leonardo DiCaprio, Daniel Day-Lewis, Cameron Diaz, Jim Broadbent, John C. Reilly, Henry Thomas, Liam Neeson, Brendan Gleeson, Gary Lewis, Stephen Graham In the crime-ridden slums of New York in the 1860s, vengeful orphan Amsterdam Vallon joins the cutthroat gang of his father's killer, Bill the Butcher. dramadrama"},{"title":"Gargantia on the Verdurous Planet","tags":"  Kaito Ishikawa, Hisako Kanemoto, Ai Kayano, Kana Asumi, Shizuka Ito, Sayaka Ohara, Katsuyuki Konishi, Yuka Terasaki, Yuki Ono, Tomokazu Sugita, Ayumi Fujimura, Alan Lee, Cassandra Morris, Natalie Hoover, Janice Kawaye, Laura Post, Julie Ann Taylor, Patrick Seitz, Michelle Ruff, Marc Diraison, Matthew Mercer, Karen Strassman After falling through a wormhole, a space-dwelling teen mecha pilot awakes to find himself amid the inhabitants of a strange planet called ... Earth. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Garuda Di Dadaku","tags":" Ifa Isfansyah Emir Mahira, Maudy Koesnaedi, Ikranagara, Aldo Tansani, Marsha Aruan, Ari Sihasale A determined boy will do anything to become a great soccer player, despite the wishes of his grandfather. family,drama,sportsfamily,drama,sports"},{"title":"Garuda in My Heart 2","tags":" Rudy Soedjarwo Emir Mahira, Aldo Tansani, Maudy Koesnaedi, Ramzi, Rio Dewanto, Monica Sayangbati, Rendy Khrisna A young soccer player sets out to prove he can lead his team to a championship \u2013 but being a winner is about more than just talent. family,drama,sportsfamily,drama,sports"},{"title":"Gehenna: Where Death Lives","tags":" Hiroshi Katagiri Eva Swan, Simon Phillips, Justin Gordon, Doug Jones, Lance Henriksen, Matthew Edward Hegstrom, Patrick Gorman, Sean Sprawling, Masashi Odate Developers looking for a location to build a resort on Saipan stumble into a subterranean bunker from WWII where an evil force lies in wait. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Gelo","tags":" Manbhavan Singh Jaspinder Cheema, Pavan Malhotra, Gurjit Singh, Dilawar Sidhu, Aditya Sharma, Raj Dhaliwal A Punjabi woman who works on a farm must endure the difficulties of living in an oppressive class-based society and a dysfunctional community. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Gemini","tags":" P.K. Baaburaaj Esther Anil, Sijoy Varghese, Renji Panicker, Thanusree Ghosh, Sasi Kalinga, Kishore Sathya, Sethu Lakshmi, Rosin Jolly Despite growing up with traits that set her apart from her peers, a young adopted girl discovers her gift when she takes an interest in spelling bees. dramadrama"},{"title":"Gender Revolution: A Journey with Katie Couric","tags":"  Katie Couric Katie Couric explores our evolving understanding of gender identity, speaking with transgender and intersex individuals about their experiences. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Genius of the Ancient World","tags":"  Bettany Hughes Historian Bettany Hughes travels to India, Greece and China to explore the lives and times of Buddha, Socrates and Confucius. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Genius of the Modern World","tags":"  Bettany Hughes Historian Bettany Hughes explores the intellectual landscapes that helped shape the work of Karl Marx, Friedrich Nietzsche and Sigmund Freud. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Gentlemen and Gangsters","tags":"  David Dencik, Ruth Vega Fernandez, David Fukamachi Regnfors, Sverrir Gudnason, Andreas Kundler, Sven Nordin, Boman Oscarsson, Lars Green, Sebastian Spors\u00e9n, Amanda Ooms, Magnus Krepper, Peter Carlberg, Peter Bergared, Christopher Wagelin, Lars Helander, Emilie Jonsson Now on the run, a writer relates his previous year's escapades when he got sucked into the thrilling, sordid orbit of boxer and jazz man Henry Morgan. action,foregin,romanceaction,foregin,romance"},{"title":"George of the Jungle 2","tags":" David Grossman Christopher Showerman, Julie Benz, Angus T. Jones, Thomas Haden Church, Christina Pickles, John Cleese, Michael Clarke Duncan, John Kassir, Kevin Greutert, Keith Scott Now married and raising a son, clumsy ape-man George finds his jungle kingdom in peril as Really Mean Lion challenges him for the throne. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Geronimo Stilton","tags":" Guy Vasilovich Brian Drummond, Erin Mathews, Richard Ian Cox, Sarah Edmondson, Moneca Stori With the help of brainy and adventurous sidekicks, New Mouse City's favorite journalist investigates mysteries that take him around the world, family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Get Him to the Greek","tags":" Nicholas Stoller Jonah Hill, Russell Brand, Elisabeth Moss, Rose Byrne, Colm Meaney, Sean \"P. Diddy\" Combs, Aziz Ansari, Carla Gallo, Nick Kroll, Kristen Schaal Ambitious young record company intern Aaron must escort an unruly rock star to Los Angeles for the start of his anniversary concert. comedy,musiccomedy,music"},{"title":"Get Santa","tags":" Christopher Smith Jodie Whittaker, Warwick Davis, Jim Broadbent, Stephen Graham, Nonso Anozie, Rafe Spall, Ewen Bremner, Matt King When Santa gets arrested for trespassing after crashing his sleigh, it's up to a father-son team to spring him from jail and save Christmas. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Get Shorty","tags":"  Ray Romano, Chris O'Dowd Organized crime enforcer Miles Daly strives to reinvent himself as a Hollywood filmmaker in this satire based on Elmore Leonard's best-selling novel. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Get Smart","tags":" Peter Segal Steve Carell, Anne Hathaway, Dwayne Johnson, Alan Arkin, Terence Stamp, Terry Crews, David Koechner, James Caan, Masi Oka, Nate Torrence, Bill Murray When the identities of secret agents are compromised, hapless Maxwell Smart teams with far more capable Agent 99 to thwart an evil terrorist group. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Getting Played","tags":" David Silberg Carmen Electra, Stacey Dash, Vivica A. Fox, Bill Bellamy, Kathy Najimy, Joe Torry, Dorian Gregory, Mindy Sterling, Joseph C. Phillips, Larry B. Scott, Michael Jai White, Sheryl Underwood, Earthquake Tired of dealing with boyfriends who wrong them, gal pals Lauren, Emily and Andrea decide to turn the tables and become the players themselves. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Ghayal","tags":" Rajkumar Santoshi Sunny Deol, Meenakshi Sheshadri, Amrish Puri, Moushumi Chatterjee, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Om Puri, Raj Babbar, Shabbir Khan Framed for his older brother's murder, a boxer seeks violent revenge against the true killer who's torn his family apart. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ghost House","tags":" Rich Ragsdale Scout Taylor-Compton, James Landry H\u00e9bert, Mark Boone Junior, Michael S. New, Russell Geoffrey Banks, Rich Lee Gray, Elana Krausz, Kevin Ragsdale, Wen-Chu Yang, Katrina Grey While visiting the site of a supernatural shrine in the Thai countryside, a vacationing couple unwittingly upsets a vengeful demon. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Ghost Pain","tags":" Kazuchika Kise, Masahiko Murata Maaya Sakamoto, Ikkyu Juku, Kenichirou Matsuda, Tarusuke Shingaki, Yoji Ueda, Miyuki Sawashiro, Mayumi Asano, Takanori Hoshino, Yasuhiro Mamiya, Kenji Nojima World War IV is over, but a bomb has gone off in Newport City, killing a major arms dealer who may have ties with the mysterious 501 Organization. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Ghost Rider","tags":" Mark Steven Johnson Nicolas Cage, Eva Mendes, Wes Bentley, Sam Elliott, Donal Logue, Matt Long, Peter Fonda, Brett Cullen, Raquel Alessi, Laurence Breuls After selling his soul to save a loved one, daredevil biker Johnny Blaze pays the price by becoming a flame-skulled bounty hunter for Mephistopheles. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Ghost Tears","tags":" Kazuchika Kise Maaya Sakamoto, Ikkyu Juku, Kenichirou Matsuda, Tarusuke Shingaki, Shunsuke Sakuya, Takuro Nakakuni, Yoji Ueda, Kazuya Nakai, Miyuki Sawashiro, Tatsuhisa Suzuki As Motoko and Batou attempt to thwart a mysterious terrorist group, Togusa tracks the killer of a man with a prosthetic leg made by Mermaid's Leg. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Ghost Town Gold","tags":"  Brit Eaton, Scott Glaves Two history buffs with an eye for valuables traverse through forgotten mines and abandoned landmarks in the wild, wild West to score collectibles. showshow"},{"title":"Ghost Whispers","tags":" Kazuchika Kise Maaya Sakamoto, Ikkyu Juku, Kenichirou Matsuda, Tomoyuki Dan, Takuro Nakakuni, Yoji Ueda, Kazuya Nakai, Miyuki Sawashiro, Ikuya Sawaki, Takako Fuji Freed of her responsibilities for the 501 Organization, Motoko must now learn how to take orders from Aramaki. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Ghulam-E-Musthafa","tags":" Partho Ghosh Nana Patekar, Raveena Tandon, Paresh Rawal, Aruna Irani, Mohan Joshi, Mohnish Bahl, Shivaji Satham, Vishwajeet Pradhan, Ashwin Kaushal, Satish Shah Giving up his life of crime for love, a gangster struggles with a moral dilemma when tragic events and enduring enemies take him back to the underworld. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Gie","tags":" Riri Riza Nicholas Saputra, Sita Nursanti, Lukman Sardi, Indra Birowo, Wulan Guritno, Thomas Nawilis, Tutie Kirana, Robby Tumewu, Jonathan Mulia Indonesian activist Soe Hok Gie experiences a political awakening during the tumultuous regimes of Suharto and Sukarno. Inspired by true events. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Gigi","tags":" Vincente Minnelli, Charles Walters Leslie Caron, Maurice Chevalier, Louis Jourdan, Hermione Gingold, Eva Gabor, Jacques Bergerac, Isabel Jeans, John Abbott, Edwin Jerome, Corinne Marchand Gigi's an avant-garde French waif being groomed as the fille de joie of affluent and handsome Gaston. Soon Gigi metamorphoses into a stunning beauty. classic,comedy,musicclassic,comedy,music"},{"title":"Ginger & Rosa","tags":" Sally Potter Elle Fanning, Alessandro Nivola, Christina Hendricks, Alice Englert, Timothy Spall, Oliver Platt, Annette Bening, Jodhi May, Oliver Milburn, Andrew Hawley With the Cold War looming over them, teen best pals Ginger and Rosa share everything in early 1960s London \u2013 until betrayal drives them apart. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Girl, Boy, Bakla, Tomboy","tags":" Wenn V. Deramas Vice Ganda, Maricel Soriano, Joey Marquez, Ruffa Gutierrez, Cristine Reyes, JC de Vera, Ejay Falcon, Angelu De Leon, Bobby Andrews Quadruplets separated as babies reunite in Manila when one needs a liver transplant, but long-held family resentments threaten to derail everything. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"GLOW: The Story of the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling","tags":" Brett Whitcomb  This engaging documentary chronicles the 1980s phenomenon \"The Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling,\" which elevated its female grapplers to star status. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"God Bless the Broken Road","tags":" Harold Cronk Patrika Darbo, Kim Delaney, Jordin Sparks, Makenzie Moss, Liam Matthews, Andrew W. Walker, Lindsay Pulsipher, Gary Grubbs, Robin Givens, Arthur Cartwright After a young mother is widowed by war, her faith is tested as she struggles to stay afloat financially and raise her daughter. family,drama,religionfamily,drama,religion"},{"title":"God Knows Where I Am","tags":" Jedd Wider, Todd Wider Lori Singer Through diary entries, this documentary follows the life and death of homeless woman Linda Bishop and her struggles with starvation, sanity and God. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"God of War","tags":" Gordon Chan Vincent Zhao, Sammo Kam-Bo Hung, Regina Wan, Yasuaki Kurata, Keisuke Koide, Timmy Hung, Michael Tong A maverick leader and a clever young general take on Japanese pirates amid bureaucratic intrigue in Ming Dynasty China. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"God's Not Dead","tags":" Harold Cronk Kevin Sorbo, Shane Harper, David A.R. White, Dean Cain, Benjamin A. Onyango, Paul Kwo, Hadeel Sittu, Trisha LaFache, Cory Oliver, Willie Robertson, Korie Robertson A spiritual college student clashes with an atheistic professor who insists that students will only pass his class by admitting that God is dead. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"God's Not Dead: A Light in Darkness","tags":" Michael Mason David A.R. White, John Corbett, Shane Harper, Ted McGinley, Jennifer Taylor, Benjamin A. Onyango, Tatum O'Neal, Cissy Houston After a fire breaks out at his church, a pastor faces a legal battle against university leaders who wish to push the congregation off the campus. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"God's Own Country","tags":" Francis Lee Josh O'Connor, Alec Secareanu, Ian Hart, Gemma Jones In Yorkshire, a withdrawn gay farmer begins a torrid affair with a Romanian migrant worker who shows him the depths of his capacity for affection. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Gol Maal","tags":" Hrishikesh Mukherjee Amol Palekar, Bindiya Goswami, Deven Verma, Utpal Dutt, Shubha Khote, Manju Singh, Dina Pathak, Pushpa, David Abraham, Asrani When circumstances at work compel Ram to pretend to have a twin, his lie works \u2013 until the boss wants his daughter to marry Ram\u2019s fictitious brother. classic,comedy,foreginclassic,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Golden Time","tags":" Takuya Inaba  In the 1980s, a recently discarded television set from the 1960s refuses to accept its fate and tries to break out of the junkyard. foregin,fantasyforegin,fantasy"},{"title":"GoldenEye","tags":" Martin Campbell Pierce Brosnan, Sean Bean, Izabella Scorupco, Famke Janssen, Joe Don Baker, Judi Dench, Robbie Coltrane, Gottfried John, Alan Cumming, Tch\u00e9ky Karyo, Desmond Llewelyn, Samantha Bond, Michael Kitchen, Serena Gordon, Simon Kunz Pierce Brosnan takes his first turn as debonair secret agent James Bond, who investigates the destruction of a Russian satellite weapons base. actionaction"},{"title":"Goldie","tags":" Sam de Jong Slick Woods, George Sample III, Shaquila Angela Griszell, Danny Hoch, Khris Davis, Jazmyn Davis, Alana Tyler-Tomkins, Fran Jaye When a bold teen mounts a gritty pursuit to dance in a music video, she must also evade child services so she can keep her younger sisters together. dramadrama"},{"title":"Goldie & Bear","tags":"  Natalie Lander, Georgie Kidder Best pals Goldie and Bear, from \"Goldilocks and the Three Bears,\" join other characters from beloved stories for adventures in the Fairy Tale Forest. familyfamily"},{"title":"Goldstone","tags":" Ivan Sen Aaron Pedersen, Alex Russell, Jacki Weaver, Cheng Pei-pei, David Gulpilil, Michelle Lim Davidson, David Wenham, Tommy Lewis, Tommy Caldwell In the Australian outback, an Indigenous cop on a missing persons case unearths a trafficking ring and runs afoul of political-industrial interests. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Golmaal: Fun Unlimited","tags":" Rohit Shetty Ajay Devgn, Tusshar Kapoor, Arshad Warsi, Sharman Joshi, Paresh Rawal, Rimi Sen, Sushmita Mukherjee, Vrajesh Hirjee Between thwarting crooks and wooing the belle next door, four pranksters get in over their heads when they bamboozle their way into a couple\u2019s bungalow. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Gomorrah","tags":"  Marco D'Amore, Fortunato Cerlino, Salvatore Esposito, Fabio de Caro, Christian Giroso, Giovanni Buselli, Carmine Monaco, Lino Musella, Marco Palvetti, Vincenzo Fabricino, Maria Pia Calzone, Domenico Balsamo, Emanuele Vicorito, Carmine Battaglia, Alessio Gallo Mafia activity in Naples is at the center of this series, which focuses on internal struggles that follow after the head of a family is imprisoned. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Gone are the Days","tags":" Mark Landre Gould Lance Henriksen, Tom Berenger, Meg Steedle, Danny Trejo As a notorious outlaw comes to grips with his past, he reconnects with his estranged daughter and gets one more shot to make things right. foreginforegin"},{"title":"Gonul","tags":" Neslihan Yesilyurt G\u00f6k\u00e7e Bahad\u0131r, Engin \u00d6zt\u00fcrk, Onur Saylak A nurse escapes from her surgeon fianc\u00e9 after his ex reveals his dark secrets. She later finds love again, but a car accident changes everything. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Good Kids","tags":" Chris McCoy Nicholas Braun, Zoey Deutch, Mateo Arias, Israel Broussard, Dayo Okeniyi, Julia Garner, Kevin Chapman, Ashley Judd Four overachieving friends spend the summer after finishing high school doing everything possible to enjoy the party life and ruin their reputations. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Good Kill","tags":" Andrew Niccol Ethan Hawke, January Jones, Bruce Greenwood, Zo\u00eb Kravitz, Jake Abel, Ryan Montano, Dylan Kenin, Stafford Douglas As Tommy Egan pilots armed drones over Afghanistan from the safe comfort of Las Vegas, the remote nature of his work begins to raise moral questions. dramadrama"},{"title":"Good Kisser","tags":" Wendy Jo Carlton Kari Alison Hodge, Rachel Paulson, Julia Eringer Hoping to give their relationship a boost, Jenna and Kate arrange to spend an evening with a third woman, but things take a turn once the sparks fly. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Good Luck","tags":" Tarek Abdel Moaty Ahmed Eid, May Kassab, Diaa El Merghany, Samy Maghawry, Badria Tolba, Hassan Abdulfattah, Ahmed Safwat, Sayed Sadek, Laila Gamal Seeking an apartment to share with his wife, an apolitical man starts to question his own modest goals as revolution swirls around him. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Good Night, and Good Luck","tags":" George Clooney David Strathairn, Patricia Clarkson, George Clooney, Jeff Daniels, Robert Downey Jr., Frank Langella, Ray Wise, Robert John Burke, Tate Donovan, Alex Borstein, Matt Ross, Grant Heslov Veteran television newsman Edward R. Murrow faces off against Sen. Joseph McCarthy and his crusade to quell the threat of communism in America. dramadrama"},{"title":"Good People","tags":" Henrik Ruben Genz James Franco, Kate Hudson, Tom Wilkinson, Omar Sy, Sam Spruell, Anna Friel, Thomas Arnold, Oliver Dimsdale, Diana Hardcastle, Michael Jibson, Diarmaid Murtagh A struggling couple can't believe their luck when they find a stash of money in the apartment of a neighbor who was recently murdered. action,suspenseaction,suspense"},{"title":"GoodFellas","tags":" Martin Scorsese Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci, Lorraine Bracco, Paul Sorvino, Frank Sivero, Tony Darrow, Mike Starr, Frank Vincent, Chuck Low Former mobster Henry Hill recounts his colorful yet violent rise and fall in a New York crime family \u2013 a high-rolling dream turned paranoid nightmare. classic,dramaclassic,drama"},{"title":"Gook","tags":" Justin Chon Simone Baker, Justin Chon, David So, Curtiss Cook Jr., Sang Chon, Ben Munoz, Omono Okojie, Isaiah Jarel Amidst the looting and chaos of the LA riots, two Korean-American brothers fight to save their struggling shoe store while contemplating their future. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Goon","tags":" Michael Dowse Seann William Scott, Jay Baruchel, Liev Schreiber, Alison Pill, Marc-Andr\u00e9 Grondin, Kim Coates, Eugene Levy, Nicholas Campbell, Richard Clarkin, Jonathan Cherry When he's seen dispatching a rude opposing hockey player in the stands, Doug Glatt is hired by a rival team ... for his fighting skills. comedy,sportscomedy,sports"},{"title":"Goosebumps 2: Haunted Halloween","tags":" Ari Sandel Jeremy Ray Taylor, Madison Iseman, Caleel Harris, Wendi McLendon-Covey, Chris Parnell, Ken Jeong, Jack Black Three teens spend their Halloween trying to stop a magical book, which brings characters from the \"Goosebumps\" novels to life. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Gosford Park","tags":" Robert Altman Eileen Atkins, Bob Balaban, Alan Bates, Charles Dance, Stephen Fry, Michael Gambon, Richard E. Grant, Tom Hollander, Derek Jacobi, Kelly Macdonald, Helen Mirren, Jeremy Northam, Clive Owen, Ryan Phillippe, Maggie Smith, Geraldine Somerville, Kristin Scott Thomas, Sophie Thompson, Emily Watson, James Wilby In this witty whodunit, wealthy guests and their servants gather for a weekend stay at the home of Sir William McCordle, who is soon found murdered. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Gossip Girl","tags":"  Blake Lively, Leighton Meester, Penn Badgley, Chace Crawford, Ed Westwick, Kelly Rutherford, Matthew Settle, Taylor Momsen, Jessica Szohr, Zuzanna Szadkowski, Connor Paolo A group of hyperprivileged Manhattan private-school kids seem to get away with everything. Except an anonymous blogger is watching their every move. drama,showdrama,show"},{"title":"Gothika","tags":" Mathieu Kassovitz Halle Berry, Robert Downey Jr., Charles S. Dutton, John Carroll Lynch, Bernard Hill, Pen\u00e9lope Cruz, Dorian Harewood, Bronwen Mantel After a car crash, a criminal psychiatrist awakens to find that she's a patient in the same mental institution that currently employs her. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Gour Hari Dastaan: The Freedom File","tags":" Ananth Narayan Mahadevan Vinay Pathak, Konkona Sen Sharma, Ranvir Shorey, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Rajit Kapoor, Vikram Gokhale, Vipin Sharma, Rahul Vohra, Saurabh Shukla, Asrani A former freedom fighter is forced to navigate the corridors of a disinterested bureaucracy to prove that he fought in India's freedom movement. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Gran Torino","tags":" Clint Eastwood Clint Eastwood, Bee Vang, Ahney Her, Christopher Carley, John Carroll Lynch, Brian Haley, Geraldine Hughes, Brian Howe, William Hill, Dreama Walker A newly widowed Korean War veteran faces his racism and his past when the son of the Hmong family next door tries to steal his beloved 1972 Gran Torino. dramadrama"},{"title":"Grand Designs","tags":"  Kevin McCloud Host Kevin McCloud presents people who take self-building houses to a new level, following every step of their ambitious plans from beginning to end. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Grand Hotel","tags":"  Yon Gonz\u00e1lez, Amaia Salamanca, Adriana Ozores, Pedro Alonso, Concha Velasco, Lloren\u00e7 Gonz\u00e1lez, Pep Anton Mu\u00f1oz, Eloy Azor\u00edn, Fele Mart\u00ednez, Luz Valdenebro, Marta Larralde, Antonio Reyes, Iv\u00e1n Morales, Dion C\u00f3rdoba, Raquel Sierra To learn the truth about his sister's mysterious disappearance, a young man infiltrates a hotel in the guise of a footman and begins an investigation. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Grand Masti","tags":" Indra Kumar Riteish Deshmukh, Vivek Oberoi, Aftab Shivdasani, Suresh Menon, Manjari Fadnis, Sonalee Kulkarni, Karishma Tanna, Kainaat Arora, Bruna Abdullah, Maryam Zakaria, Pradeep Singh Rawat Leaving their wives at home, three randy friends look forward to some raunchy extramarital fun at their college reunion. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Grass","tags":" Tanuj Chopra Emily Chang, Pia Shah, Anthony Ma Good girl Cam recruits her pot-loving bestie Jinky to help deliver a backpack full of weed for her drug-dealing fianc\u00e9. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Grease","tags":" Randal Kleiser John Travolta, Olivia Newton-John, Stockard Channing, Jeff Conaway, Barry Pearl, Michael Tucci, Kelly Ward, Didi Conn, Jamie Donnelly, Dinah Manoff, Eve Arden, Dody Goodman, Sid Caesar, Joan Blondell, Frankie Avalon John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John star in this hit musical comedy about a greaser and the good girl he falls for \u2013 much to his friends' chagrin. classic,comedy,musicclassic,comedy,music"},{"title":"Great Interior Design Challenge","tags":"  Tom Dyckhoff, Daniel Hopwood, Sophie Robinson In this reality series, amateur interior designers on tight budgets test their mettle transforming rooms with speed and style. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Great Yellowstone Thaw","tags":"   This series explores the effects of the extreme temperature variations at Yellowstone National Park on the animals that live there. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Green Room","tags":" Jeremy Saulnier Anton Yelchin, Imogen Poots, Patrick Stewart, Alia Shawkat, Joe Cole, Callum Turner, Macon Blair, David W. Thompson, Mark Webber, Eric Edelstein, Kai Lennox At the end of their low-budget tour, a punk band accepts a gig at an isolated rural club, only to discover that their hosts are neo-Nazis. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Green White Green (And All the Beautiful Colours in My Mosaic of Madness)","tags":" Abba T. Makama Ifeanyi Dike Jr., Jamal Ibrahim, Samuel Robinson, Cristabel Goddy, Okey Uzoeshi, Bimbo Manuel, Meg Otanwa, Eric Didie, Donatus Ekwuazi, Omoye Uzamere Three young Nigerian bohemians, each from one of the country's major ethnic groups, explore the directions in which their lives could go. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Gringo: The Dangerous Life of John McAfee","tags":" Nanette Burstein  Tech tycoon John McAfee made millions from his anti-virus software. Now, he may be best known for his bizarre and scandalous lifestyle. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Growing Up Coy","tags":" Eric Juhola  Filmmakers follow a Colorado family's highly public battle for the rights of their transgender daughter, Coy, in a landmark civil rights case. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Gun Runners","tags":" Anjali Nayar  Two roaming Kenyan bandits attempt to change the course of their lives by exchanging their rifles for running shoes. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Gunslinger Girl","tags":"  Yuuka Nanri, Kanako Mitsuhashi, Eri Sendai, Ami Koshimizu, Hidenobu Kiuchi, Mitsuru Miyamoto, Masashi Ebara, Norihiro Inoue, Rie Nakagawa, Masami Iwasaki, Laura Bailey, Luci Christian, Caitlin Glass, Alese Johnson, Monica Rial, Jerry Jewell, Stephanie Young, Mike McFarland On the surface, the Social Welfare Agency appears to help orphaned schoolgirls, but it's actually turning them into lethal agents. anime,actionanime,action"},{"title":"Guy Martin: Last Flight of the Vulcan Bomber","tags":" James Woodroffe Guy Martin, Kevin Stone, Shaun Dooley Guy Martin assists in preparing the last airworthy Vulcan bomber for a farewell tour while revealing the stories behind the iconic aircraft. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"H\u00e9roes","tags":" Esteban Vidal Fabrizio Copano, Juanita Ringeling, Fernando Alarc\u00f3n, Delfina Guzm\u00e1n, Paty Cofr\u00e9, Andr\u00e9s Rill\u00f3n, Julio Jung, Nicol\u00e1s Oyarz\u00fan When an earthquake hits Chile, rescue workers must put aside their differences to save the country from a businessman's evil scheme. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"H\u00fck\u00fcmet Kadin","tags":" Sermiyan Midyat Demet Akba\u011f, Sermiyan Midyat, Mahir \u0130pek, G\u00fclhan Tekin, Burcu G\u00f6nder, Cezmi Bask\u0131n, Renan Bilek, Ayberk Attila, R\u0131za Ak\u0131n, B\u00fclent \u00c7olak When an uneducated mother of eight suddenly becomes mayor, she uses the skills she's learned as a housewife to keep her town running like clockwork. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"H\u00fck\u00fcmet Kadin 2","tags":" Sermiyan Midyat Demet Akba\u011f, Sermiyan Midyat, Mahir \u0130pek, G\u00fclhan Tekin, Burcu G\u00f6nder, Mine \u015eenhuy Teber, Osman Alka\u015f, B\u00fclent \u00c7olak, Olgun Toker, Do\u011fukan Polat In 1949, with freedoms threatened, housewife H\u00fck\u00fcmet is unaware of her future life in politics as she faces off with liar and mayoral hopeful Faruk. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Haapus","tags":"  Makarand Anaspure, Madhura Velankar, Subodh Bhave The son of an astrologer faces opposition from his superstitious father regarding his scheme of launching a mango business. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Hadi \u0130n\u015fallah","tags":" Ali Taner Baltac\u0131 B\u00fc\u015fra Pekin, Murat Boz, Cezmi Bask\u0131n, \u015einasi Yurtsever, \u0130dil Dizdar, H\u00fclya G\u00fclsen Irmak, Canan \u00d6zer, \u015eenay Bozoklar, Emrah Kaman, M\u00fcjde Uzman A young woman recovering poorly from a bad romance gets a new lease on life after encountering a handsome man during a job interview. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Hairspray","tags":" Adam Shankman Nikki Blonsky, John Travolta, Michelle Pfeiffer, Christopher Walken, Amanda Bynes, James Marsden, Queen Latifah, Zac Efron, Brittany Snow, Allison Janney, Elijah Kelley, Jerry Stiller In 1962, ambitious plus-size teen Tracy Turnblad tries to integrate a racially divided Baltimore one Watusi at a time. family,comedy,musicfamily,comedy,music"},{"title":"HALO Legends","tags":" Shinji Aramaki, Mamoru Oshii, Hideki Futamura, Toshiyuki Kanno, Tomoki Kyoda, Koichi Mashimo, Yasushi Muraki, Daisuke Nishio, Frank O'Connor, Koji Sawai, Joseph Chou, Hiroshi Yamazaki Andy McAvin, James Faulkner, Luci Christian, John Swasey This anthology features seven independent anime shorts from renowned directors, delving into the futuristic universe of the video game franchise Halo. action,anime,fantasyaction,anime,fantasy"},{"title":"Halo: The Fall of Reach","tags":" Ian Kirby Jen Taylor, Steve Downes, Michelle Lukes, Britt Baron, Travis Willingham, John Bently, Todd Haberkorn, Cole Jensen Witness the origins of Master Chief and the Spartan program as a group of children transform into enhanced soldiers and fight a powerful alien threat. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Hamara Dil Aapke Paas Hai","tags":" Satish Kaushik Anil Kapoor, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Sonali Bendre, Puru Rajkumar, Anupam Kher, Satish Kaushik, Mukesh Rishi, Jaspal Bhatti, Razak Khan, Himani Shivpuri, Smita Jaykar, Tanaaz Currim Irani Love blooms when kind-hearted Avinash takes in Preeti, a woman shunned by society, but the unorthodox living situation creates quite a stir among the neighbors. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Hamburger Hill","tags":" John Irvin Anthony Barille, Michael Boatman, Don Cheadle, Michael Dolan, Don James, Dylan McDermott, Michael A. Nickles, Harry O'Reilly, Daniel O'Shea, Tim Quill, Tommy Swerdlow, Courtney B. Vance, Steven Weber, Tegan West The Vietnam War's horrors come brutally to life through the eyes of American soldiers trying to take a heavily fortified hill under Vietcong control. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Hamza's Suitcase","tags":" Akram Farouk Hamada Helal, Yousra El Lozy, Ahmed Fathy, Mohammed Tharwat, Samia Trabelsi, Diaa El-Merghani, Abdalah Mishrif, Mohamed Metwalli, Samy Maghawry, Bayoumi Fouad, Inas al-Najjar, Taher Abu Lela When a con man tries to retrieve a bag of money, he swoons for a woman with ties to a notorious crew of criminals. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Hangman","tags":" Johnny Martin Al Pacino, Karl Urban, Brittany Snow, Joe Anderson, Sarah Shahi, Sloane Warren, Chelle Ramos, Steve Coulter, Michael Rose A homicide detective, a criminal profiler and a journalist team up to nab a serial killer whose murders are inspired by the classic game of Hangman. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Hank: Five Years from the Brink","tags":" Joe Berlinger Henry Paulson, Wendy Paulson From Joe Berlinger, director of the \"Paradise Lost\" trilogy, comes this documentary about controversial former U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Hannibal","tags":"  Hugh Dancy, Mads Mikkelsen, Caroline Dhavernas, Hettienne Park, Laurence Fishburne, Scott Thompson, Aaron Abrams, Gillian Anderson, Lara Jean Chorostecki This drama series focuses on the early years of the relationship between FBI criminal profiler Will Graham and homicidal cannibal Dr. Hannibal Lecter. suspense,suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Hans Zimmer: Live in Prague","tags":" Tim Van Someren Hans Zimmer In this concert film, Oscar-winning composer Hans Zimmer performs his most iconic movie scores to a sell-out crowd at the O2 Arena in Prague. foregin,musicforegin,music"},{"title":"Happy 300 Days","tags":"  Tammy Chen, Kingone Wang, Hsieh Kun Da, Chuang Kai-Hsun, Jenna Wang An unexpected pregnancy sends a woman back to her hometown to share a house with three nice guys. Each has problems, but each would make a great dad. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Happy Hunting","tags":" Joe Dietsch, Louie Gibson Martin Dingle-Wall, Ken Lally, Kenny Wormald, Connor Williams, Gary Sturm, C.J. Baker, Jeremy Lawson, Liesel Hanson, Kenneth Billings, Michael Tipps On the run from his meth-dealing employers, a drifter with a drinking problem becomes prey in a desert town's twisted hunting contest. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Happy Times","tags":" Luis Javier M. Henaine Luis Arrieta, Cassandra Ciangherotti, Humberto Busto, Iv\u00e1n Arana, B\u00e1rbara de Regil, Miguel Rodarte Desperate to break up with his clingy girlfriend, a nerdy cartoonist hires a mysterious agency to do the deed. But the agency has unusual methods. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Happy Valley","tags":"  Sarah Lancashire, Siobhan Finneran, Charlie Murphy, James Norton, George Costigan, Karl Davies, Shane Zaza, Steve Pemberton, Joe Armstrong, Adam Long, Rick Warden, Rhys Connah, Katherine Kelly Yorkshire police sergeant Catherine Cawood pursues the man who assaulted her late daughter, unaware he is now part of a secret kidnapping plot. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Happyish","tags":"  Steve Coogan, Kathryn Hahn, Sawyer Shipman, Bradley Whitford A middle-aged adman is shaken up by his new boss, a 25-year-old who advises him to \"rebrand\" himself. Is it possible, or is this as good as he'll get? comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Hard Tide","tags":" Robert Osman, Nathanael Wiseman Nathanael Wiseman, Mem Ferda, Alexandra Newick, Oliver Stark, Kat Gellin, Andy Lucas, Ralph Brown, Beverly Hills A drug dealer who's been emulating his father's successful criminal career is forced to go on the run with a young girl in this fact-based thriller. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Hardcore Henry","tags":" Ilya Naishuller Sharlto Copley, Danila Kozlovsky, Haley Bennett, Andrey Dementiev, Dasha Charusha, Svetlana Ustinova, Tim Roth, Ilya Naishuller Shot entirely like a first-person shooter video game, this film tracks Henry, a cyborg racing to save his wife from a villain with paranormal powers. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay","tags":" Jon Hurwitz, Hayden Schlossberg John Cho, Kal Penn, Rob Corddry, Jack Conley, Roger Bart, Neil Patrick Harris, Danneel Ackles, Eric Winter, Paula Garc\u00e9s, Jon Reep, Missi Pyle Harold and Kumar jump on a plane to catch up with Harold's love interest but must change their plans when Kumar is accused of being a terrorist. comedy,classiccomedy,classic"},{"title":"Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle","tags":" Danny Leiner John Cho, Kal Penn, Paula Garc\u00e9s, Neil Patrick Harris, David Krumholtz, Eddie Kaye Thomas, Christopher Meloni, Ryan Reynolds, Fred Willard Buddies Harold and Kumar set out to satisfy a stoner craving for hamburgers but end up on an epic journey when they can't find White Castle. comedy,classiccomedy,classic"},{"title":"Harold and Lillian: A Hollywood Love Story","tags":" Daniel Raim Harold Michelson, Lillian Michelson, Mel Brooks, Francis Ford Coppola, Danny DeVito Storyboard artist Harold Michelson and his film researcher wife, Lillian, recall the influence they had on 60 years of Hollywood's biggest hits. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Harold Shipman - Driven to Kill","tags":"  Harold Shipman Interviews and dramatic reconstructions illuminate the twisted motivations and brazen crimes of serial killer and respected physician, Harold Shipman. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"Harriet the Spy: Blog Wars","tags":" Ron Oliver Jennifer Stone, Kristin Booth, Wesley Morgan, Doug Murray, Shauna MacDonald, Jason Blicker, Jayne Eastwood, Melinda Shankar, Alexander Conti, Vanessa Morgan Intrepid writer Harriet Welsch is determined to become the class blogger despite stiff competition from her snooty archrival. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Harry & Bunnie","tags":" Ah Loong  A young wannabe magician and his mischievous stage rabbit battle and sabotage each other while putting on shows. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Harry and Snowman","tags":" Ron Davis Harry DeLeyer With only a strong will and a cheap horse, a former agent of the Dutch underground in World War II sets out to become a champion show jumper. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Harry Benson: Shoot First","tags":" Justin Bare, Matthew Miele Harry Benson This film chronicles the career of photographer Harry Benson, who earned global renown with his candid shots of the Beatles and other celebrities. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Hart of Dixie","tags":"  Rachel Bilson, Jaime King, Cress Williams, Wilson Bethel, Scott Porter, Tim Matheson, Kaitlyn Black, Ross Philips Fast-talking city girl Zoe Hart winds up patching up the locals of a tiny town in the Deep South when she inherits a medical practice in Alabama. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Haseena Maan Jaayegi","tags":" David Dhawan Sanjay Dutt, Govinda, Karisma Kapoor, Pooja Batra, Kader Khan, Paresh Rawal, Satish Kaushik, Aruna Irani, Anupam Kher, Ashish Vidyarthi, Aashif Sheikh, Asrani, Razak Khan, Shakti Kapoor, Bindu, Mahavir Shah, Mohan Joshi, Anil Dhawan A millionaire opens the door to comic complications when he punishes his spoiled sons for trying to make money through shady, get-rich-quick schemes. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Hati Perempuan","tags":"  Saharul Ridzwan, Mia Ahmad, Hafreez Adam, Hafeez Mikhail, Nadzmi Adhwa, Bella Nazari Sparks of both passion and contempt fly when a self-sufficient architect is forced to work with a snobbish industrialist. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Haunters: The Art of the Scare","tags":" Jon Schnitzer  This documentary takes us into the world of those who create horror simulations for willing audiences, and examines the culture they have spawned. documental,suspensedocumental,suspense"},{"title":"Haunting on Fraternity Row","tags":" Brant Sersen Jacob Artist, Jayson Blair, Shanley Caswell, Claudia Lee, Ashton Moio, Cameron Moulene, Molly Tarlov, Chester Rushing When a fraternity's last big luau serves up horrible deaths to its partygoers, the brothers learn firsthand about their house\u2019s frightening history. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Have You Seen the Listers?","tags":" Eddie Martin Anthony Lister This documentary paints a candid picture of Australian street artist Anthony Lister as he navigates his burgeoning career and personal hardships. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Haven","tags":"  Emily Rose, Lucas Bryant, Nicholas Campbell, Eric Balfour, Richard Donat, John Dunsworth, Maurice Dean Wint, Adam Copeland Residents of Haven, Maine, are plagued by supernatural afflictions. To reveal the truth, FBI agent Audrey Parker must delve into her own strange past. classic,suspense,suspenseclassic,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Havenhurst","tags":" Andrew C. Erin Julie Benz, Belle Shouse, Josh Stamberg, Danielle Harris, Douglas Tait, Matt Lasky, Dendrie Taylor, Toby Huss, Jennifer Blanc, Fionnula Flanagan An alcoholic with a tragic past rents an apartment in a building for those in recovery, but soon learns the truth about residents who get \"evicted.\" suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Haywire","tags":" Steven Soderbergh Gina Carano, Michael Fassbender, Ewan McGregor, Bill Paxton, Channing Tatum, Antonio Banderas, Mathieu Kassovitz, Michael Angarano, Michael Douglas, Anthony Brandon Wong A last-minute mission in Dublin turns deadly for stunning secret operative Mallory Kane when she realizes she's been betrayed. actionaction"},{"title":"He Named Me Malala","tags":" Davis Guggenheim Malala Yousafzai This documentary tells the story of a teenage Pakistani girl shot for her advocacy of women's education, her survival, and her continued efforts. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"He's Out There","tags":" Quinn Lasher Yvonne Strahovski, Anna Pniowsky, Abigail Pniowsky, Ryan McDonald, Justin Bruening, Julian Bailey While vacationing at a remote lake house, a mother and her daughters become pawns in the twisted game of an ax-wielding psychopath. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Head Count","tags":" Elle Callahan Isaac Jay, Ashleigh Morghan, Bevin Bru, Billy Meade, Hunter Peterson, Chelcie May, Tory Freeth, Michael Herman, Amaka Obiechie, Sam Marra, Cooper Rowe A group of college students on a weekend getaway accidentally summon a supernatural entity intent on using them for its deadly ritual. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Head On","tags":" Ana Kokkinos Alex Dimitriades, Paul Capsis, Julian Garner, Tony Nikolakopoulos, Elena Mandalis, Eugenia Fragos, Damien Fotiou, Andrea Mandalis, Maria Mercedes, Dora Kaskanis, Alex Papps, Vassili Zappa This edgy drama follows 19-year-old Ari, a gay Greek-Australian whose roiling ethnic- and sexual-identity struggles lead to a wild, 24-hour odyssey. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Heal","tags":" Kelly Noonan Kelly Noonan, Deepak Chopra, Michael Beckwith, Joe Dispenza, Dr. Jeffrey Thompson, Gregg Braden, Joan Borysenko, Marianne Williamson Stories from spiritual leaders, physicians and those with chronic illnesses reveal the powerful connection between the human psyche and physical health. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Heartbreakers","tags":" David Mirkin Sigourney Weaver, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Ray Liotta, Jason Lee, Gene Hackman, Anne Bancroft, Jeffrey Jones, Nora Dunn, Ricky Jay, Zach Galifianakis In this stylish comedy, a mother-daughter con team makes money the old-fashioned way: They use their feminine wiles to swindle it. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Heartthrob","tags":" Chris Sivertson Aubrey Peeples, Keir Gilchrist, Peter Facinelli, Felicity Price, Ione Skye, Jimmy Bennett, Taylor Dearden A shy, brilliant boy and a popular girl fall into an unexpected romance. But as their bond deepens, his attraction begins taking on dark overtones. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Heavy Rescue: 401","tags":"  Dave Pettitt In the harshest weather, rookie and veteran heavy recovery operators fight to keep southern Ontario's busy, treacherous highways clear and safe. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Hedgehogs","tags":" Huang Jianming Anthony Padilla, Ian Hecox, Jenn McAllister, Jon Heder, Chevy Chase When a hedgehog suffering from memory loss forgets his identity, he ends up on a big city journey with a pigeon to save his habitat from a human threat. familyfamily"},{"title":"Helix","tags":"  Billy Campbell, Hiroyuki Sanada, Kyra Zagorsky, Mark Ghanim\u00e9, Meegwun Fairbrother, Jordan Hayes, Neil Napier, Matt Long, Severn Thompson, Jeri Ryan, Catherine Lemieux While investigating a possible outbreak at an Arctic research facility, scientists discover a new virus that could wipe out every human on the planet. suspense,suspense,fantasysuspense,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Hell and Back","tags":" Tom Gianas, Ross R. Shuman Nick Swardson, Mila Kunis, Bob Odenkirk, T.J. Miller, Rob Riggle, Susan Sarandon, Danny McBride, Jennifer Coolidge, John Farley, Maria Bamford When best friends break a blood oath, one of them is cast away to hell, and the other two must save him from the misfits of the underworld. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Hell on Wheels","tags":"  Anson Mount, Colm Meaney, Common, Dominique McElligott, Eddie Spears, Ben Esler, Phil Burke, Christopher Heyerdahl, Robin McLeavy, Tom Noonan Former Confederate soldier Cullen Bohannon sets out on a quest to find his wife's killer as post-Civil War America struggles to rebuild its identity. action,actionaction,action"},{"title":"Hell or High Water","tags":" David Mackenzie Jeff Bridges, Chris Pine, Ben Foster, Gil Birmingham, Marin Ireland, Katy Mixon, Dale Dickey, Kevin Rankin, William Sterchi In a desperate bid to save their family ranch, two brothers stage a series of clever bank robberies with a pair of Texas Rangers in hot pursuit. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Hellboy","tags":" Guillermo del Toro Ron Perlman, John Hurt, Selma Blair, Rupert Evans, Karel Roden, Jeffrey Tambor, Doug Jones, Brian Steele, Ladislav Beran, Biddy Hodson, Corey Johnson, Kevin Trainor This fast-paced action flick tells the dark story of Hellboy, a charismatic demon who's put on Earth by the Nazis to terrorize the rest of the world. action,classic,fantasyaction,classic,fantasy"},{"title":"Her","tags":" Spike Jonze Joaquin Phoenix, Scarlett Johansson, Amy Adams, Rooney Mara, Olivia Wilde, Chris Pratt, Matt Letscher, Portia Doubleday Love comes to a lonely writer in the sleekest of packages when he finds himself falling for the advanced operating system he bought to run his life. drama,romance,fantasydrama,romance,fantasy"},{"title":"Her Only Choice","tags":" Christel Gibson Denise Boutte, Timon Kyle Durrett, Leon, Tamara Tunie, Vanessa Bell Calloway, Tiffany Snow, Keith Arthur Bolden, Elise Neal, Jeryl Prescott A woman must decide if she\u2019s willing to end her pregnancy to save her own life after being diagnosed with breast cancer. dramadrama"},{"title":"Hera Pheri","tags":" Prakash Mehra Amitabh Bachchan, Vinod Khanna, Saira Banu, Sulakshana Pandit, Shreeram Lagoo, Pinchoo Kapoor, P. Jairaj, Yunus Parvez The bond between two crooks and best friends is threatened when one learns that the other's father had a hand in his own tragic past. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Here Alone","tags":" Rod Blackhurst Lucy Walters, Gina Piersanti, Adam David Thompson, Shane West, Ryken A. Whitfield, Abel McSurely Bradshaw, Rebecca Spiro When she finally encounters two other survivors, a woman alone in a world decimated by a zombie epidemic struggles to trust her new companions. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Hero","tags":" Corey Yuen Takeshi Kaneshiro, Yuen Biao, Valerie Chow, Jessica Hester Hsuan, Tak Yuen, Wah Yuen, Corey Yuen A pugilist from Shantung struggles to rise to the top of the Shanghai triad ladder, where his stellar martial arts talents can shine. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Herrens veje","tags":"  Lars Mikkelsen, Ann Eleonora Jorgensen, Simon Sears, Morten Hee Andersen, Fanny Bernth, Joen H\u00f8jerslev, Camilla Lau, Maj-Britt Mathiesen, Solbj\u00f8rg H\u00f8jfeldt, Johanne Dal-Lewkovitch A family with a storied history of service to the Church of Denmark fractures under the tyrannical rule and ambition of its hard-driving patriarch. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Hickok","tags":" Timothy Woodward Jr. Luke Hemsworth, Trace Adkins, Kris Kristofferson, Bruce Dern, Cameron Richardson, Kaiwi Lyman, Hunter Fischer, Robert Catrini, Britain Simons While serving as the marshal of rowdy Abilene, Kansas, \"Wild Bill\" Hickok uses guns and gall to tidy up the lawless frontier town. actionaction"},{"title":"Hidden Singer","tags":"  Hyun-moo Jun, Solbi, Dong-hyuk Jang, Young-hoon Joo Pop stars and impersonators face off to be the last one standing as the audience tries to determine the real singer by listening to their voices only. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Hide & Seek","tags":" Shawn Arranha Purab Kohli, Arjan Bajwa, Mrinalini Sharma, Sameer Kochhar, Ayaz Khan, Amruta Patki, Pavail Gulati, Prashant, Amol Mhatre Years after an accident at a wild Christmas party traumatized them all, six former friends find themselves trapped in a shopping mall and forced by a killer disguised as Santa Claus to play a lethal game of hide-and-seek. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Hide and Seek","tags":" Liu Jie Wallace Huo, Qin Hailu, Regina Wan, Jessie Li, Dong Zijian, Li Yiqing, Fan Qianhui While living a comfortable life with his wife and child, a germophobic man realizes his estranged brother may have committed a terrible crime. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Highly Strung","tags":" Scott Hicks  Fiery passions take center stage in this intimate look at the Australian String Quartet and, perhaps more vital, the priceless instruments they guard. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Highway Thru Hell","tags":"  Dave Pettitt, Jamie Davis, Adam Gazzola, Kevin Ritchie On the hazardous highways of Canada's interior, heavy vehicle towing companies experience hardship and triumph rescuing wrecked and stranded trucks. showshow"},{"title":"Highway to Heaven","tags":"  Michael Landon, Victor French Under God's direction, angel Jonathan and ex-cop Mark help troubled souls overcome adversity and embrace honesty, kindness and forgiveness. dramadrama"},{"title":"Hinterland","tags":"  Richard Harrington, Mali Harries, Hannah Daniel, Alex Harries, Aneirin Hughes, Daniel Rochford Forsaking London for the rustic landscapes of Wales, a police detective with a troubled soul finds himself in a place with secrets as dark as his own. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Hiroshima: The Real History","tags":" Lucy van Beek John Sessions This detailed examination of the 1945 Hiroshima bombing includes the prelude to and aftermath of history's controversial first use of atomic weapons. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Hisss","tags":" Jennifer Lynch Mallika Sherawat, Irrfan Khan, Jeff Doucette, Divya Dutta, Raman Trikha, Mahmoud Babai, Raj Bhansali, Sunny Charles, Tony Ciccone, Parvez Khan In a plot to bait the snake-goddess Nagin for her immortality-granting essence, George States journeys to India and abducts her reptilian lover. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Historia de un clan","tags":"  Alejandro Awada, Cecilia Roth, Chino Dar\u00edn, Nazareno Casero, Trist\u00e1n, Gustavo Garz\u00f3n, Pablo Cedr\u00f3n, Mar\u00eda Soldi, Rita Pauls, Victoria Almeida, Benjam\u00edn Alfonso This drama based on a true story follows the Puccios, a criminal family who kidnaps wealthy people and holds them hostage in their home. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"History of Joy","tags":" Vishnu Govindhan Vishnu Vinay, Vinay Forrt, Saikumar, Joju George, Nobi, Sreekumar, Nandu, Sunil Sukhada The life of a high-flying law student takes a drastic turn when a bout of misfortune changes his status in society for good. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"History's Greatest Hoaxes","tags":"   Using previously unseen footage, this documentary series offers new insights into some of the biggest scams and forgeries in human history. foregin,documentalforegin,documental"},{"title":"Hitch","tags":" Andy Tennant Will Smith, Eva Mendes, Kevin James, Amber Valletta, Julie Ann Emery, Adam Arkin, Robinne Lee, Nathan Lee Graham, Michael Rapaport, Jeffrey Donovan Smooth and sexy Hitch helps clients make a great first impression on a date, but he's thrown when a lovely reporter starts nosing around his business. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Hitler's Olympics","tags":" Daniel Kontur  Hitler, Nazi propaganda and 1936 Berlin Olympics are put under the microscope to uncover hidden truths and the historical legacy of those games. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Hitler's Steel Beast","tags":" Daniel Ablin  Trace the history of Hitler's armored private train, a 15-car mobile headquarters boasting state-of-the-art communications and anti-aircraft cannons. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Ho Mann Jahaan","tags":" Asim Raza Adeel Hussain, Mahira Khan, Sheheryar Munawar, Sonya Jehan, Bushra Ansari, Nimra Bucha, Arshad Mahmud, Jamal Shah Three friends in modern-day Karachi navigate their post-college lives, while struggling to balance their passion for music with familial obligations. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Hogie the Globehopper","tags":"  Mae Elliessa Hogie and his friends travel the world, exploring far-flung locales like Buenos Aires, Cairo, Hawaii and the Galapagos Islands. familyfamily"},{"title":"Hokkabaz","tags":" Ali Taner Baltac\u0131, Cem Y\u0131lmaz Cem Y\u0131lmaz, Mazhar Alanson, \u00d6zlem Tekin, Tuna Orhan, Tuncer Salman, Kemal \u0130nci, G\u00fcrgen \u00d6z, Caner Alkaya, Ay\u00e7e Abana, Bahtiyar Engin Trying to resurrect his career, not-so-talented magician Iskender goes on tour, but things get iffy when one of his illusions works a little too well. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Holding the Man","tags":" Neil Armfield Ryan Corr, Craig Stott, Kerry Fox, Camilla Ah Kin, Sarah Snook, Guy Pearce, Anthony LaPaglia, Geoffrey Rush In 1970s Australia, two teen boys fall in love with each other and defeat obstacles to their 15-year relationship, until a new crisis comes their way. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Holidays","tags":" Anthony Scott Burns, Nicholas McCarthy, Adam Egypt Mortimer, Gary Shore, Kevin Smith, Sarah Adina Smith, Scott Stewart, Kevin Kolsch, Dennis Widmyer Madeleine Coghlan, Savannah Kennick, Ruth Bradley, Ava Acres, Sophie Traub, Jocelin Donahue, Harley Morenstein, Harley Quinn Smith, Ashley Greene, Olivia Roush, Seth Green, Clare Grant, Lorenza Izzo, Andrew Bowen Eight gleefully grim short tales set on Halloween, Mother's Day, St. Patrick's Day and other holidays comprise this chilling horror anthology. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"Holy Hell","tags":" Will Allen  An ex-member charts his path from idealism to disenchantment in a California cult when alarming revelations about the group's leader come to light. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Holy Man 2","tags":" Note Chern-Yim Apisit Opasaimlikit, Suthep Po-ngam, Phichet Iamchaonaa, Note Chern-Yim Former rap musician Joey Boy is now a monk who takes Father Teng's place at his rural temple, where a crisis develops involving a nearby stone quarry. comedy,religion,foregincomedy,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Holy Man 3","tags":" Note Chern-Yim Krissada Sukosol, Natee Aekwijit, Yoakyake Chernyim, Der Doksadao, Note Chern-Yim, Kohtee Aramboy, Chaleumpol Tikumpornteerawong Two new monks, one of them a former rock music star seeking inner peace, join a temple plagued by thieves who are stealing its valuable holy relics. comedy,religion,foregincomedy,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Hombanna","tags":" Rakshith Thirthahalli Subbu Talabi, Dhanu Gowda, H.G. Dattatreya, Suchendra Prasad, Ambujakshi, Neenasam Ashwath In the forests of Karnataka, a farmer and his community face eviction from the land when they get caught in the currents of socio-political change. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Honey 2","tags":" Bille Woodruff Kat Graham, Mario Lopez, Audrina Patridge, Seychelle Gabriel, Randy Wayne, Brandon Molale, Melissa Molinaro, Jossara Jinaro, Lonette McKee, Laurieann Gibson, Christopher Shazar Determined to prove herself as a street dancer, Maria heads from juvie to a Bronx rec center where she's introduced to her dance idol, Honey Daniels. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Honey: Rise Up and Dance","tags":" Bille Woodruff Teyana Taylor, Sierra Aylina McClain, Bryshere Gray Despite discouragement from her loved ones, a talented street dancer tries out for an exclusive dance crew in a bid to win a college scholarship. dramadrama"},{"title":"Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil","tags":" Mike Disa Hayden Panettiere, Glenn Close, Patrick Warburton, Joan Cusack, David Ogden Stiers, Bill Hader, Amy Poehler, Andy Dick, Martin Short, Brad Garrett, Cheech Marin, Tommy Chong, Heidi Klum, Wayne Newton Fresh off a top-secret training, feisty heroine Little Red teams up with intrepid reporter Wolf to investigate the disappearance of Hansel and Gretel. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Hope Aur Hum","tags":" Sudip Bandyopadhyay Naseeruddin Shah, Kabir Sajid, Sonali Kulkarni, Amir Bashir, Naveen Kasturia, Neha Chauhan, Virti Vaghani A multigenerational household navigates daily life, evolving relationships and clashes between old and new mindsets in this light family drama. family,comedy,dramafamily,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Hope Springs Eternal","tags":" Jack C. Newell Mia Rose Frampton, Beth Lacke, Stony Blyden, Juliette Angelo, Lauren Giraldo, Beau Brooks, Pej Vahdat When a teen with terminal cancer miraculously finds herself in remission, she struggles to give up the attention her illness gave her at school. dramadrama"},{"title":"Hope: One in a Billion","tags":" Brodje Wemboendja Gift Ngoepe The remarkable true story of Gift Ngoepe, the first African to play for Major League Baseball, is recounted in this inspiring documentary. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Hormones","tags":"  Pachara Chirathivat, Ungsumalynn Sirapatsakmetha, Sutatta Udomsilp, Chutavuth Pattarakampol, Sirachuch Chienthaworn, Gunn Junhavat, Sananthachat Thanapatpisal, Thanapob Leeratanakajorn, Supassra Thanachat, Sedthawut Anusit, Kemisara Paladesh High school students in Bangkok wrestle with issues such as sex, teen pregnancy, drugs, school violence, family turmoil and more in this Thai drama. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Horns","tags":" Alexandre Aja Daniel Radcliffe, Juno Temple, Max Minghella, Joe Anderson, Kelli Garner, Heather Graham, David Morse, Kathleen Quinlan, James Remar Accused of murder, Ig Perish wakes up one day to find he's grown a set of horns \u2013 compelling people to confess their sins to him. drama,suspense,fantasydrama,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Horror Homes","tags":"  Jill Halfpenny Dream homes turn into property nightmares when mold, maggots, natural disasters and other inconveniences move in. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Horror Story","tags":" Ayush Raina Karan Kundra, Nishant Malkani, Hassan Zaidi, Ravish Desai, Radhika Menon, Aparna Bajpai, Nandini Vaid, Sheetal Singh, Bikramjeet Singh, Masood Akhtar On a dare, seven college friends spend a night at an abandoned hotel rumored to be haunted and find themselves trapped in a nightmare. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Hostage to the Devil","tags":" Marty Stalker  Follow the eerie story of Father Malachi Martin, a disenchanted priest whose belief in demonic possession would lead him to conduct several exorcisms. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Hostiles","tags":" Scott Cooper Christian Bale, Rosamund Pike, Wes Studi, Jesse Plemons, Timoth\u00e9e Chalamet, Ben Foster, Adam Beach, Rory Cochrane, Peter Mullan, Scott Wilson, Paul Anderson, Jonathan Majors, John Benjamin Hickey, Q'orianka Kilcher, Ryan Bingham After a long career battling the Cheyenne, a U.S. Army captain is ordered to safely escort the tribe's most influential chief to his Montana homeland. dramadrama"},{"title":"Hot Bot","tags":" Michael Polish Cynthia Kirchner, Doug Haley, Zack Pearlman, Larry Miller, Danny Masterson, Anthony Anderson, David Shackelford, Donald Faison, Angela Kinsey, Kirby Bliss Blanton, John Robinson Two teenage geeks inadvertently find a lifelike, state-of-the-art sex robot, but must dodge the high-profile owner who lost her in order to keep her. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Hot Property","tags":" Max McGill MyAnna Buring, Tom Rhys Harries, Ella Smith, Sam Phillips, Kate Bracken When a resourceful but flighty Londoner is threatened with eviction, she vows to do whatever it takes to defeat a greedy real estate agent. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Hot Rod","tags":" Akiva Schaffer Andy Samberg, Jorma Taccone, Bill Hader, Danny McBride, Isla Fisher, Sissy Spacek, Ian McShane, Will Arnett, Chris Parnell, Chester Tam Andy Samberg stars in this comedy as an accident-prone daredevil who's determined to jump 15 buses on his moped and impress his abusive stepfather. comedy,sportscomedy,sports"},{"title":"Hotel Beau S\u00e9jour","tags":"  Lynn Van Royen, Inge Paulussen, Jan Hammenecker, Kris Cuppens, Johan van Assche, Katrin Lohmann, Mieke De Groote, Roel Vanderstukken, Joren Seldeslachts, Joke Emmers, Charlotte Timmers, Guus Bullen, Tiny Bertels, Reinhilde Decleir, Barbara Sarafian Caught in an afterlife limbo, teenage Kato investigates her own mysterious death and unravels a web of secrets in her seemingly tranquil village. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Hotel Pacific","tags":" Janusz Majewski Marek Kondrat, Roman Wilhelmi, Roman Skamene, \u010cestm\u00edr \u0158anda, Micha\u0142 Pawlicki, Martin Hron, Stanis\u0142awa Celi\u0144ska, Joanna Kasperska, Jaroslava Schallerov\u00e1 A motivated teen strives to rise from dishwasher to waiter at a luxury hotel only to tread in the abusive tide of its workplace hierarchy. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation","tags":" Genndy Tartakovsky Adam Sandler, Selena Gomez, Kevin James, Kathryn Hahn, Andy Samberg, David Spade, Steve Buscemi, Fran Drescher, Molly Shannon, Mel Brooks, Keegan-Michael Key It's love at first sight for Dracula when he meets Ericka, the charming but mysterious captain of the monster cruise that Mavis plans for the family. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"House at the End of the Street","tags":" Mark Tonderai Gil Bellows, Max Thieriot, Jennifer Lawrence, Elisabeth Shue, Jordan Hayes, James Thomas, Eva Link, Nolan Gerard Funk, Allie MacDonald, Krista Bridges Moving to a new town proves even more stressful for a teenager when she learns that the house next door was the site of a double murder. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"House of Z","tags":" Sandy Chronopoulos Zac Posen Featuring archival footage and exclusive interviews, this documentary looks at the rise, fall and comeback of charismatic fashion designer Zac Posen. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Houston, We Have a Problem!","tags":" Ziga Virc Slavoj Zizek Blending fact with myth, this conspiracy-minded docufiction argues that the U.S. purchased Yugoslavia's secret space program in the 1960s. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"How the Beatles Changed the World","tags":" Tom O'Dell George Harrison, John Lennon, Ringo Starr, Paul McCartney, Brian Epstein Interviews and rare archival footage illuminate how the Beatles' influence over music and culture continues to be felt around the world. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"How the Grinch Stole Christmas","tags":" Ron Howard Jim Carrey, Taylor Momsen, Jeffrey Tambor, Christine Baranski, Bill Irwin, Molly Shannon, Clint Howard, Josh Ryan Evans, Mindy Sterling, Anthony Hopkins The Grinch decides to rob Whoville of Christmas \u2013 but a dash of kindness from little Cindy Lou Who and her family may be enough to melt his heart. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"How to Be a Latin Lover","tags":" Ken Marino Eugenio Derbez, Salma Hayek, Rob Lowe, Raphael Alejandro, Kristen Bell, Raquel Welch, Linda Lavin, Ren\u00e9e Taylor, Rob Riggle, Rob Corddry, Rob Huebel, Michael Cera, Michaela Watkins When an aging Lothario gets the boot from his sugar mama, he must pull out all the stops to find a new female sponsor. comedycomedy"},{"title":"How to Be a Player","tags":" Lionel C. Martin Bill Bellamy, Natalie Desselle, Lark Voorhies, Mari Morrow, Pierre Edwards, Jermaine 'Huggy' Hopkins, Anthony Johnson, Max Julien, Beverly Johnson, Gilbert Gottfried, Bernie Mac Dray lives life one woman at a time and is the envy of all his friends, until his sister decides to show him the error of his philandering ways. comedycomedy"},{"title":"How to Change the World","tags":" Jerry Rothwell  In the 1970s, a group of activists who gathered to protest nuclear testing formed the iconic Greenpeace environmental organization. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"How to Make an American Quilt","tags":" Jocelyn Moorhouse Winona Ryder, Anne Bancroft, Ellen Burstyn, Kate Nelligan, Alfre Woodard, Kaelynn Craddick, Sara Craddick, Kate Capshaw, Dermot Mulroney, Adam Baldwin, Maya Angelou, Rip Torn, Joanna Going, Claire Danes, Jean Simmons, Denis Arndt, Johnathon Schaech, Samantha Mathis, Derrick O'Connor, Jared Leto A conflicted young woman spends the summer with her grandmother, her great-aunt and their quilting circle, whose life stories captivate her. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"How to Win the US Presidency","tags":" Cal Saville  This whimsical look at rough-and-tumble American politics examines the influence of money, religion and even ancient Rome on presidential campaigns. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Hridaynath","tags":" Amar Gupte Jackie Shroff, Aditya Pancholi, Swarangi Maharte, Ameya Hunaswadkar, Urmila Matondkar A schoolteacher known for his good deeds and benevolence takes a walk on the dark side after undergoing a heart transplant. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Hulk Vs.","tags":" Sam Liu, Frank Paur Fred Tatasciore, Matthew Wolf, Graham McTavish, Grey DeLisle, Kari Wahlgren, Bryce Johnson, Janyse Jaud, Jay Brazeau, Jonathan Holmes, Paul Dobson, Michael Adamthwaite, French Tickner, Nicole Oliver, Qayam Devji, Steve Blum, Mark Acheson, Colin Murdock, Nolan North, Tom Kane This action-packed animated double feature pits the Hulk against two of the Marvel Universe's most powerful characters: Wolverine and Thor. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Hum Saath-Saath Hain","tags":" Sooraj R. Barjatya Salman Khan, Karisma Kapoor, Saif Ali Khan, Tabu, Sonali Bendre, Mohnish Bahl, Mahesh Thakur, Neelam, Alok Nath, Satish Shah A scheming matriarch plots to cut off her disabled stepson and his wife from the family fortune, creating a division within the clan. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Humko Deewana Kar Gaye","tags":" Raj Kanwar Akshay Kumar, Katrina Kaif, Bipasha Basu, Bhagyashree, Shernaz Patel, Vivek Shaq, Mahesh Thakur, Ranjeet, Nina Kulkarni, Puneet Issar, Anju Mahendru, Manoj Joshi, Anil Kapoor Two kindred spirits who are betrothed to others must decide whether to go through with arranged marriages or brush aside convention for true love. foregin,music,romanceforegin,music,romance"},{"title":"Humsafar","tags":"  Fawad Khan, Mahira Khan, Atiqa Odho, Naveen Waqar, Sara Kashif To fulfill her mother's dying wish, middle-class Khirad marries elite Ashar. But those who disapprove plot to turn Ashar against his wife. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Hungerford","tags":" Drew Casson Drew Casson, Georgia Bradley, Sam Carter, Tom Scarlett, Nigel Morgan, Colin Stark, Kitty Speed While filming his daily life for a media course, Cowen discovers his small English town may be under an ominous and otherworldly influence. suspense,foregin,foreginsuspense,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Hunt to Kill","tags":" Keoni Waxman Steve Austin, Gil Bellows, Gary Daniels, Marie Avgeropoulos, Emilie Ullerup, Michael Eklund, Eric Roberts, Michael Hogan, Donnelly Rhodes, Adrian Holmes U.S. Border Patrol agent and deadly hunter Jim Rhodes takes violent revenge when a group of desperate thieves kidnaps his daughter after a robbery. actionaction"},{"title":"Hunter's Prayer","tags":" Jonathan Mostow Sam Worthington, Odeya Rush, Amy Landecker, Allen Leech, Ver\u00f3nica Echegui A hired gun has second thoughts when he's contracted to kill a teenage girl whose father's shady business dealings put her life in danger. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Hunters of the South Seas","tags":"  Will Millard In a far corner of the Pacific Ocean, people who live entirely at sea share insights into their incredible amphibious lifestyle. foregin,documentalforegin,documental"},{"title":"Huntik: Secrets and Seekers","tags":"  Yuri Lowenthal, Drew Aaron, Karen Strassman, Marc Thompson, Rebecca Soler, Mike Pollock A high school student searching for his missing father joins a secret group known as the Seekers, who ally with aliens to protect the world from evil. familyfamily"},{"title":"Hurricane Bianca","tags":" Matt Kugelman Roy Haylock, Bianca Leigh, Denton Blane Everett, Willam Belli, D.J. \"Shangela\" Pierce, Justin \"Alyssa Edwards\" Johnson, Molly Ryman, Ted Ferguson, Rachel Dratch, Alan Cumming, Margaret Cho, RuPaul Fired for being gay, schoolteacher Richard returns in drag as force-of-nature Bianca, gets hired for the same job and plots sweet, scornful revenge. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Hurricane Bianca: From Russia With Hate","tags":" Matt Kugelman Roy Haylock, Rachel Dratch, Brian McCook, D.J. \"Shangela\" Pierce, Doug Plaut, Cheyenne Jackson, Kristen Johnston, Heather McDonald, Wanda Sykes, Janeane Garofalo When Texas teacher Richard is lured to Russia under false pretenses by his enemy Deb, his drag alter ego Bianca soon turns the country upside down. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Hustle & Flow","tags":" Craig Brewer Terrence Howard, Anthony Anderson, Taryn Manning, Taraji P. Henson, DJ Qualls, Ludacris, Paula Jai Parker, Elise Neal, Isaac Hayes A pimp with aspirations of grandeur wants to make it as a rapper but discovers that fame isn't all it's cracked up to be in this indie drama. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Hypersomnia","tags":" Gabriel Grieco Yamila Saud, Gerardo Romano, Jimena Bar\u00f3n, Vanesa Gonz\u00e1lez, Candela Vetrano, Florencia Torrente, Nazareno Casero, Sof\u00eda Gala, Gustavo Garz\u00f3n, Bel\u00e9n Chavanne, Fabiana Cantilo, Peter Lanzani A young actress rehearsing for a play about human trafficking begins to relive terrifying scenes that may be dreams \u2013 or an alternate reality. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"I Am","tags":" Onir Juhi Chawla, Rahul Bose, Nandita Das, Sanjay Suri, Manisha Koirala, Purab Kohli, Shernaz Patel, Abhimanyu Singh, Arjun Mathur, Radhika Apte Four individuals in modern India grapple with their identities amid social taboos, trauma and brutal sexual discrimination in this quartet of stories. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"I Am Bolt","tags":" Benjamin Turner, Gabe Turner Usain Bolt Mixing archival footage with present-day interviews, Olympic champion and global icon Usain Bolt opens up about his athletic legacy. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"I Am Jane Doe","tags":" Mary Mazzio Jessica Chastain This intense documentary follows real cases of American girls enslaved in the child sex trade through ads in a newspaper's online classified section. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"I Am Maris","tags":" Laura VanZee Taylor Maris Degener Through her own words and art, a young woman details the healing power of yoga in her struggle with anorexia and her journey to self-acceptance. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"I Am Me!","tags":"  Germ\u00e1n Bracco, Daniela Luque, Jos\u00e9 Antonio Becerril, Paula Serrano, H\u00e9ctor Holten, H\u00e9ctor Loeza, Edson Loyo, Brandon Rosas, Jos\u00e9 Sefami, Tiosha Boj\u00f3rquez Aspiring hip-hop star Francisco builds a name for himself as a musical artist while his conscience helps him through family drama and discrimination. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"I Am Not Madame Bovary","tags":" Feng Xiaogang Fan Bingbing, Guo Tao, Da Peng, Zhang Jiayi, Yu Hewei, Yi Zhao, Zonghan Li, Zhao Lixin, Tian Xiaojie, Yin Yuanzhang, Enhe Feng, Xin Liu, Jiang Yongbo To qualify for an apartment reserved for singles, a married couple stages a divorce. But when her husband unexpectedly remarries, Li seeks justice. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"I Am Sun Mu","tags":" Adam Sj\u00f6berg  A North Korean propagandist who escaped to Seoul now creates satirical art about Kim Jong Il's regime and copes with repercussions of his defection. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"I Am Vengeance","tags":" Ross Boyask Stu Bennett, Anna Shaffer, Mark Griffin, Bryan Larkin, Kevin Leslie, Gary Daniels After learning that an ex-military friend and his parents were killed, the highly trained John Gold comes to town seeking answers and revenge. actionaction"},{"title":"I Am Wrath","tags":" Chuck Russell John Travolta, Christopher Meloni, Amanda Schull, Sam Trammell, Patrick St. Esprit, Rebecca De Mornay, Asante Jones, Paul Sloan, Luis Da Silva Jr., Jordan Whalen Hell-bent on avenging his wife's murder, Stanley Hill summons an old partner's help in exposing a cover-up by crooked cops and slimy politicians. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"I Don't Know How She Does It","tags":" Douglas McGrath Sarah Jessica Parker, Pierce Brosnan, Greg Kinnear, Christina Hendricks, Kelsey Grammer, Seth Meyers, Olivia Munn, Jane Curtin, Mark Blum, Busy Philipps, Sarah Shahi, Jessica Szohr In this affable yuppie comedy, Kate Reddy is a successful executive, wife and mom whose personal and professional lives hang in precarious balance. comedycomedy"},{"title":"I Fine... Thank You... Love You","tags":" Mez Tharatorn Preechaya Pongthananikorn, Sunny Suwanmethanont, Sora Aoi, Puttachat Pongsuchat, Popetorn Soonthornyanakij Desperate to go to the U.S. to win back his girlfriend, Yim hires a tutor to teach him English. But things don't go according to plan. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"I, Daniel Blake","tags":" Ken Loach Dave Johns, Hayley Squires, Briana Shann, Dylan McKiernan, Kate Rutter, Sharon Percy, Kema Sikazwe, Steven Richens While fighting for his welfare benefits following a job-ending heart attack, a widowed carpenter befriends a single mother in a similar plight. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"I'll See You in My Dreams","tags":" Brett Haley Blythe Danner, Martin Starr, June Squibb, Rhea Perlman, Mary Kay Place, Malin Akerman, Sam Elliott, Aarti Mann, Mark Adair-Rios, Ashley Spillers After the passing of her dog, a long-widowed senior citizen is in need of companionship. Two very different possibilities present themselves. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"I'm in Love with a Church Girl","tags":" Steve Race Ja Rule, Adrienne Bailon, Stephen Baldwin, Vincent Pastore, Michael Madsen, T-Bone, Martin Kove, Toby Mac When a tough-minded ex-drug dealer falls for a beautiful but highly devout woman, their mutual attraction takes them both down a twisty path. drama,religion,romancedrama,religion,romance"},{"title":"I'm Sorry","tags":"  Andrea Savage, Tom Everett Scott, Olive Petrucci Life is a series of awkward situations for comedy writer and mom Andrea, thanks to plenty of neuroses and a knack for sticking her foot in her mouth. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Ice Guardians","tags":" Brett Harvey Dave Brown, Brett Hull, Rob Ray, Jarome Iginla, Wendel Clark, Scott Parker, Dave schultz, Jay Baruchel This film explores the controversial role of ice hockey \"enforcers,\" as well as the physical and mental price paid by the game's notorious tough guys. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Iceman","tags":" Law Wing-cheong Donnie Yen, Wang Baoqiang, Shengyi Huang, Yu Kang, Simon Yam, Lam Suet, Singh Hartihan Bitto, Mark Wu Four hundred years after they were frozen in time, a Ming Dynasty guard and his three pursuers are defrosted to continue their ancient battle. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Ideachi Kalpana","tags":" Sachin Bhargavi Chirmuley, Mahesh Kothare, Sachin, Ashok Saraf, Nirmiti Sawant After an actor is hit by a car driven by the police commissioner's sister, his scheming brother-in-law files a bogus suit against the commissioner. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Idiotest","tags":"  Ben Gleib Comedian Ben Gleib hosts this game show in which teams of two compete to solve increasingly tough brain teasers. Faster answers mean more money. show,comedyshow,comedy"},{"title":"Igor","tags":" Tony Leondis John Cusack, Steve Buscemi, Sean Hayes, Molly Shannon, Eddie Izzard, Jennifer Coolidge, Jay Leno Igor, the brilliant but deformed assistant to mad Dr. Glickenstein, dreams of winning the Evil Science Fair and the heart of village beauty Gretchen. familyfamily"},{"title":"Iliza Shlesinger: War Paint","tags":" Jay Chapman Iliza Shlesinger \"Last Comic Standing\" winner Iliza Shlesinger unleashes her acerbic, stream-of-conscious comedy on an unsuspecting audience in her hometown of Dallas. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Imagine That","tags":" Karey Kirkpatrick Eddie Murphy, Thomas Haden Church, Yara Shahidi, Ronny Cox, Stephen Rannazzisi, Nicole Ari Parker, DeRay Davis, Vanessa Williams, Martin Sheen, Lauren Weedman, Timm Sharp, Bobb'e J. Thompson Work problems are piling up for a businessman. But when he discovers a pathway to his daughter's imaginary world, he starts finding some solutions. family,comedy,fantasyfamily,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Immoral Tales","tags":" Walerian Borowczyk Lise Danvers, Fabrice Luchini, Charlotte Alexandra, Paloma Picasso, Pascale Christophe, Florence Bellamy, Jacopo Berinizi, Lorenzo Berinizi This anthology illustrates the timeless nature of desire in four stories of incest, bloodlust and other forbidden subjects. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"In Between","tags":"  Janel Tsai, Johnny Lu, Darren Chiu, Vivi Lee, Patrick Lee, Fan Kuang-yao An author having trouble finishing his new romance novel because he's lost faith in love regains his romantic soul after meeting a flight attendant. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"In Search of Fellini","tags":" Taron Lexton Ksenia Solo, Mary Lynn Rajskub, Maria Bello, Enrico Oetiker, Paolo Bernardini, Beth Riesgraf, David O'Donnell, Nancy Cartwright, Bruno Zanin, Michael Wiseman, Andrea Osv\u00e1rt A naive and sheltered young woman embarks on a whimsical adventure across Italy in the hopes of meeting director Federico Fellini. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"In The Deep","tags":" Johannes Roberts Mandy Moore, Claire Holt, Matthew Modine, Chris Johnson, Yani Gellman, Santiago Segura With little oxygen left in their scuba tanks, two sisters are trapped in a shark cage at the bottom of the ocean while great whites circle nearby. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Incir Receli 2","tags":" Ayta\u00e7 A\u011f\u0131rlar Halil Sezai Parac\u0131ko\u011flu, \u015eafak Pekdemir, Ahmet Uz, Mehmet Selim Akg\u00fcl, Sinan \u00c7al\u0131\u015fkano\u011flu, Tu\u011fba Sar\u0131\u00fcnal Grief-stricken over the death of his true love, singer-songwriter Metin has given up on life, until he meets Gizem, who slowly reawakens his heart. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Incoming","tags":" Eric Zaragosa Scott Adkins, Aaron McCusker, Vahldin Prelic, Lukas Loughran, Michelle Lehane, Alaa Seif, Milan Kovacevic, Arkie Reece, Vladimir Alenikov, Dominic Power When an imprisoned terrorist cell hijacks a high-security prison in outer space, a CIA agent becomes the one chance of stopping them. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Incomplete","tags":" Suman Mukhopadhyay Ritwick Chakraborty, Swastika Mukherjee, Paoli Dam, Bratya Basu, Santu Mukherjee, Dibyendu Bhattacharya, Anindya Bandopadhyay, Poulomi Das, Nigel Akkara, Bhed Sinha A man returns to his childhood hometown, where he meets the happily married woman he once jilted, while his best friend endures a more volatile union. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Inconceivable","tags":" Jonathan Baker Gina Gershon, Faye Dunaway, Nicolas Cage, Nicky Whelan, Natalie Eva Marie, Jonathan Baker, James Van Patten A couple trying to conceive invite a woman with a mysterious past to move in with them. But it's an invitation they might come to regret. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Incorruptible","tags":" Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi  In the streets of Senegal, a youth movement rises up against a regime bent on retaining power in this chronicle of the nation's stormy 2012 elections. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Incredibles 2 (Spanish Version)","tags":" Brad Bird V\u00edctor Trujillo, Consuelo Duval, Dar\u00edo T. Pie, Leyla Rangel, Oliver D\u00edaz Barba, Dulce Guerrero, Eli Fucile, Martin Hernandez When Elastigirl gets recruited for a high-profile crime-fighting mission, Mr. Incredible takes on his toughest assignment ever: full-time parenting. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"INDIA","tags":" Sanjeev Gupta Heeba Shah, Ashwin Shukla, Muskaan, Aldan Shaikh, Ayesha A man buys a young girl, code-names her \"Doll\" and sends her to live with a mother of two who has a mysterious mission to be fulfilled. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"India: Nature's Wonderland","tags":"  Liz Bonnin, Jon Gupta, Freida Pinto Wildlife biologist Liz Bonnin explores the natural wonders of India in this series that reveals the species and cultures unique to this ancient land. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull","tags":" Steven Spielberg Harrison Ford, Cate Blanchett, Karen Allen, Ray Winstone, John Hurt, Jim Broadbent, Igor Jijikine, Shia LaBeouf Indiana Jones is drawn into a Russian plot to unearth the Crystal Skulls of Akator, Amazonian artifacts with supernatural powers. action,family,fantasyaction,family,fantasy"},{"title":"Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade","tags":" Steven Spielberg Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Alison Doody, John Rhys-Davies, Julian Glover, River Phoenix, Michael Byrne, Kevork Malikyan, Robert Eddison Accompanied by his father, Indiana Jones sets off on his third adventure to explore the cradle of civilization on a perilous hunt for the Holy Grail. action,family,classicaction,family,classic"},{"title":"Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark","tags":" Steven Spielberg Harrison Ford, Karen Allen, Paul Freeman, Ronald Lacey, John Rhys-Davies, Denholm Elliott, Alfred Molina, Wolf Kahler, Anthony Higgins, Vic Tablian When Indiana Jones is hired by the government to locate the legendary Ark of the Covenant, he finds himself up against the entire Nazi regime. action,family,classicaction,family,classic"},{"title":"Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom","tags":" Steven Spielberg Harrison Ford, Kate Capshaw, Amrish Puri, Roshan Seth, Philip Stone, Roy Chiao, Jonathan Ke Quan, David Yip, Ric Young, Chua Kah Joo Indiana Jones, his young sidekick and a spoiled songbird get more than they bargained for when they go to India in search of a missing magical stone. action,family,classicaction,family,classic"},{"title":"Indiscretion","tags":" John Stewart Muller Mira Sorvino, Cary Elwes, Christopher Backus, Katherine McNamara, Lisa Gay Hamilton, Melora Walters, Buck Taylor, Shane Callahan After a weekend fling with artist Victor, Veronica, a psychiatrist and politician's wife, becomes the target of Victor's dangerous romantic obsession. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Inequality for All","tags":" Jacob Kornbluth Robert Reich Former U.S. Labor Secretary Robert Reich makes a compelling case about the serious crisis the U.S. faces due to the widening economic gap. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Influx","tags":" Luca Vullo  Italians in London reveal the ups and downs of immigration and touch upon their uneasiness about leaving behind their crisis-ridden homeland. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Inglourious Basterds","tags":" Quentin Tarantino Brad Pitt, M\u00e9lanie Laurent, Christoph Waltz, Eli Roth, Michael Fassbender, Diane Kruger, Daniel Br\u00fchl, Til Schweiger, Gedeon Burkhard, Jacky Ido, B.J. Novak, Sylvester Groth, Martin Wuttke A Jewish cinema owner in occupied Paris is forced to host a Nazi premiere, where a group of American soldiers called the Basterds plans a face-off. actionaction"},{"title":"Inkheart","tags":" Iain Softley Brendan Fraser, Paul Bettany, Helen Mirren, Jim Broadbent, Andy Serkis, Sienna Guillory, Eliza Bennett, Rafi Gavron, Lesley Sharp, Jamie Foreman Unbeknownst to his 12-year-old daughter, a bookbinder has a secret ability to bring characters to life by reading their stories out loud. action,family,fantasyaction,family,fantasy"},{"title":"Insan","tags":" K. Subhash Akshay Kumar, Ajay Devgn, Tusshar Kapoor, Esha Deol, Lara Dutta, Laila, Rahul Dev, Koena Mitra, Archana Puran Singh, Sharat Saxena A grieving policeman and a rickshaw driver are brought together by a dark, tragic secret that will change their lives forever. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Inside The Freemasons","tags":"   Explore the history and future of the Freemasons, a fraternal order steeped in both secrecy and tradition. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Inside the Mind of a Serial Killer","tags":"   Mixing dramatic re-enactments with real-life footage, this series delves into the tormented psyches of the world's most infamous serial killers. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Inside the Mossad","tags":"   In this documentary, dozens of former agents from the Mossad, Israel's foreign intelligence agency, reveal their top-secret operations. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Inst@famous","tags":"   Self-made social media celebrities share the stories of how they built their online empires and where they plan to take their unexpected fame next. showshow"},{"title":"Instructions Not Included","tags":" Eugenio Derbez Eugenio Derbez, Jessica Lindsey, Loreto Peralta, Daniel Raymont, Alessandra Rosaldo, Hugo Stiglitz, Arcelia Ram\u00edrez, Sammy P\u00e9rez, Agust\u00edn Bernal, Karla Souza Unable to locate the elusive mother of a baby girl left on his doorstep, an Acapulco playboy unexpectedly begins to develop feelings for the tot. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Intelligence","tags":"  Ian Tracey, Klea Scott, John Cassini, Matt Frewer, Alana Husband, Kyla Wise, Camille Sullivan, Darcy Laurie, Eugene Lipinski, Michael Eklund Clashes both on the street and in the bedroom pits the female head of the Organized Crime Unit against the cocky leader of a pot-smuggling ring. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Internet Famous","tags":" Michael Gallagher Shane Dawson, Steve Greene, Amanda Cerny, Christian Delgrosso, Wendy McColm, Richard Ryan, Roger Bart, John Michael Higgins, Missi Pyle, Jimmy Tatro, Tay Zonday, Adam Busch Five viral Internet celebrities travel to a competition that will award one of them their own television series in this ensemble comedy. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Into the Forest","tags":" Patricia Rozema Ellen Page, Evan Rachel Wood, Max Minghella, Callum Keith Rennie, Michael Eklund, Wendy Crewson In the near future, two frightened sisters fight for survival after losing their father during a deadly, quietly looming apocalypse. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Inuyasha the Movie - L'isola del fuoco scarlatto","tags":" Toshiya Shinohara Kappei Yamaguchi, Satsuki Yukino, Koji Tsujitani, Houko Kuwashima, Kumiko Watanabe, Noriko Hidaka, Ken Narita, Cho, Mamiko Noto, Nobutoshi Canna, Fumiko Orikasa, Richard Ian Cox, Moneca Stori Ai, a young half-demon who has escaped from Horai Island to try to help his people, returns with potential saviors InuYasha, Sesshomaru and Kikyo. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Inuyasha the Movie - La spada del dominatore del mondo","tags":" Toshiya Shinohara Kappei Yamaguchi, Satsuki Yukino, Koji Tsujitani, Houko Kuwashima, Kumiko Watanabe, Ken Narita, Akio Otsuka, Kikuko Inoue The Great Dog Demon beaqueathed one of the Three Swords of the Fang to each of his two sons. Now the evil power of the third sword has been awakened. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"InuYasha: The Movie 2: The Castle Beyond the Looking Glass","tags":" Toshiya Shinohara Kappei Yamaguchi, Satsuki Yukino, Koji Tsujitani, Houko Kuwashima, Kumiko Watanabe, Noriko Hidaka, Kenichi Ogata, Toshiyuki Morikawa, Mieko Harada With their biggest foe seemingly defeated, InuYasha and his friends return to everyday life. But the peace is soon shattered by an emerging new enemy. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Invictus","tags":" Clint Eastwood Morgan Freeman, Matt Damon, Tony Kgoroge, Patrick Mofokeng, Matt Stern, Julian Lewis Jones, Adjoa Andoh, Marguerite Wheatley, Leleti Khumalo, Patrick Lyster, Penny Downie After the end of apartheid, newly elected President Nelson Mandela uses the 1995 World Cup rugby matches to unite his people in South Africa. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Invisible Essence: The Little Prince","tags":" Charles Officer  Artists and writers delve into the heart of Antoine de Saint-Exup\u00e9ry's timeless fable, which captured the imagination of children and adults worldwide. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Inxeba","tags":" John Trengove Nakhane Tour\u00e9, Bongile Mantsai, Niza Jay, Thobani Mseleni, Gamelihle Bovana, Halalisani Bradley Cebekhulu, Inga Qwede, Sibabalwe Ngqayana, Siphosethu Ngcetane, Zwelakhe Mtsaka At an initiation ritual for the young men of his Xhosa community, a closeted factory hand meets a Johannesburg teen who discovers his best-kept secret. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Iqbal","tags":" Nagesh Kukunoor Shreyas Talpade, Naseeruddin Shah, Girish Karnad, Shweta Prasad, Yatin Karyekar, Prateeksha Lonkar, Dilip Salgaonkar, Jyoti Joshi, Aadarsh Balakrishna, Gururaj Manepalli A boy with a hearing and speech impairment \u2013 and extraordinary athletic ability \u2013 chases his lifelong dream of playing cricket for India. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Irada Pakka","tags":" Kedar Shinde Smita Jaykar, Siddarth Jadhav Bored in their happy marriage, a couple decides to spice things up by fighting more, but their game takes the relationship on an unexpected path. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Iron Cowboy: The Story of the 50.50.50","tags":" Jacob Schwab James Lawrence A record-setting triathlete dares to complete 50 Ironman races \u2013 a 2.4-mile swim, a 112-mile bike ride, and a 26.2-mile run \u2013 in 50 days in 50 states. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Iron Man & Captain America: Heroes United","tags":" Leo Riley Adrian Pasdar, Roger Craig Smith, Fred Tatasciore, David Kaye, Clancy Brown, Liam O'Brien, Robin Atkin Downes, Dee Bradley Baker While battling to keep the Red Skull and Taskmaster from unleashing a Hydra army, Iron Man and Captain America must learn to work together. family,fantasyfamily,fantasy"},{"title":"Iron Man: Armored Adventures","tags":"  Adrian Petriw, Daniel Bacon, Anna Cummer, Vincent Tong, Kristie Marsden, Mackenzie Gray, Lisa Ann Beley, Alistair Abell, Catherine Lough Haggquist, Fred Henderson Teen phenom Tony Stark takes to the skies with an ingeniously engineered suit of armor to learn the truth about his father's mysterious death. familyfamily"},{"title":"Ishqedarriyaan","tags":" V. K. Prakash Suhasini Mulay, Kavin Dave, Evelyn Sharma A young millionaire is willing to do anything to make the schoolteacher he loves happy. Even if it means helping her marry someone else. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Islands of the Future","tags":"   Amid rising oil and gas prices and dwindling resources, tiny islands off the coast of Europe are rethinking the future of energy. documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"\ub9c8\ub140\uc0ac\ub0e5","tags":"  Si-kyung Sung, Se-yoon Yoo, Dong-yup Shin, Ji-woong Heo, Sam Hammington Four Korean celebrity men and guest stars of both genders discuss women, sex and relationships \u2013 to an unprecedented degree of openness. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Issaq","tags":" Manish Tiwary Prateik, Amyra Dastur, Ravi Kishan, Prashant Narayanan, Rajeshwari Sachdev, Neena Gupta, Makarand Deshpande, Vineet Kumar Singh, Amit Sial, Prashantt Guptha, Sudhir Pandey, Evelyn Sharma, Sandeep Bose Two young lovers in Banaras are caught in the crossfire of a feud between their powerful families and a political climate destroying their city. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"It Takes Two","tags":" Andy Tennant Kirstie Alley, Steve Guttenberg, Mary-Kate Olsen, Ashley Olsen, Philip Bosco, Jane Sibbett The Olsen twins put a cute new spin on Mark Twain's classic tale \"The Prince and the Pauper,\" playing identical 9-year-olds from very different backgrounds: orphaned Amanda and wealthy Alyssa. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"It's Now or Never","tags":" Maria Ripoll Dani Rovira, Mar\u00eda Valverde, Jordi S\u00e1nchez, Joaqu\u00edn N\u00fa\u00f1ez, Alicia Rubio, Clara Lago, Anna Gras, Gracia Olayo, Melody, Marta P\u00e9rez When Eva and Alex decide to wed in England, where they met three years earlier, obstacles including a labor strike and a volcano keep them apart. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"It's Okay, Buddy","tags":" Hani Hamdi Mahmood El-Laithi, Saad El Soghayar, Nermin Maher, Safinaz Two down-on-their-luck singers set out to marry wealthy women \u2013 but not everyone is happy to have them climb the social ladder. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Iverson","tags":" Zatella Beatty Allen Iverson This unfiltered documentary follows the rocky life and stratospheric career of Allen Iverson, an NBA icon who left an indelible mark on the sport. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Jaan-E-Mann: Let's Fall in Love... Again","tags":" Shirish Kunder Salman Khan, Akshay Kumar, Preity Zinta, Anupam Kher, Aman Verma, Javed Sheikh, Soni Razdan, Nawab Shah To avoid alimony payments, an aspiring actor schemes for his ex-wife to marry an unlikely suitor, but soon realizes he may not be ready to lose her. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart","tags":" Mathias Malzieu, St\u00e9phane Berla Orlando Seale, Samantha Barks, Harry Sadeghi, Stephane Cornicard, Jessie Buckley, Sophia Ellis, Barbara Scaff, Michelle Fairley, Richard Ridings, Howard Samuels Equipped with a mechanical heart and determined to stay out of death's shadow, young Jack understands that love could prove fatal. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Jack of all Trades","tags":" Harvey Glazer, Stuart Stone  Once upon a time, baseball cards were as much an American pastime as the sport. But then scandal rocked the multi-million-dollar industry for good. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Jack Taylor","tags":" Stuart Orme Iain Glen, Killian Scott, Nora-Jane Noone, Tara Breathnach, Frank O'Sullivan Ken Bruen's bestselling crime novels leap to life in this series of TV movies featuring Irish cop-turned-private-investigator Jack Taylor. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Jackie Brown","tags":" Quentin Tarantino Pam Grier, Samuel L. Jackson, Robert Forster, Bridget Fonda, Michael Keaton, Robert De Niro, Michael Bowen, Chris Tucker, LisaGay Hamilton, Tommy 'Tiny' Lister, Hattie Winston, Sid Haig When an aging flight attendant's caught smuggling cash and forced to help with an investigation, she hatches a clever plan to make off with the dough. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Jackpot","tags":" Dustin Nguyen Chi Tai, Lan Ngoc, Dustin Nguyen, Thu Trang A lottery ticket salesperson faces an ethical dilemma after setting aside a soon-to-be winning ticket for a customer to pick up and pay for later. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Jail","tags":" Madhur Bhandarkar Neil Nitin Mukesh, Manoj Bajpayee, Mugdha Godse, Arya Babbar, Chetan Pandit, Rahul Singh, Navni Parihar, Manish Mehta Incarcerated for a crime he didn\u2019t commit, a young man must navigate the crowded, cut-throat environment of prison as he awaits trial. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Jal","tags":" Girish Malik Purab Kohli, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Kirti Kulhari, Yashpal Sharma, Mukul Dev, Saidah Jules, Ravi Gossain, Rahul Singh A gifted young man from a drought-stricken village helps a group of ecologists find water for migrating flamingoes. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Jalpari: The Desert Mermaid","tags":" Nila Madhab Panda Lehar Khan, Krishang Trivedi, Parvin Dabas, Suhasini Mulay, V.M. Badola, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Rahul Singh, Harsh Mayar When they travel to their father's ancestral village, city kids expecting a natural paradise instead find a poor, dusty town that harbors secrets. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Janaan","tags":" Azfar Jafri Armeena Rana Khan, Bilal Ashraf, Ali Rehman Khan, Hania Aamir, Usman Mukhtar, Nayyar Ejaz After 11 years in Canada, young Meena returns to her native Pakistan for a family wedding and becomes romantically entangled with an adopted cousin. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Japanese Style Originator","tags":"  Takeo Chii, Hisako Manda, Takahiro Azuma, Kazuya Masuda Find out everything there is to know about Japanese tradition, from food to culture to objects and arts, and the people who are continuing it today. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back","tags":" Kevin Smith Jason Mewes, Kevin Smith, Ben Affleck, Jeff Anderson, Brian O'Halloran, Shannon Elizabeth, Eliza Dushku, Ali Larter, Jennifer Schwalbach, Will Ferrell, Jason Lee Jay and Silent Bob's comic book alter egos have been sold to Hollywood without permission, so they head to Tinseltown to sabotage the production. comedy,classiccomedy,classic"},{"title":"Jealousy and medicine","tags":" Janusz Majewski Mariusz Dmochowski, Ewa Krzy\u017cewska, W\u0142odzimierz Boru\u0144ski, Andrzej Mrowiec, J\u00f3zef Rosi\u0144ski, Piotr K\u0105kolewski, Beata Nowicka, Edmund Fetting, Gra\u017cyna Staniszewska, Andrzej \u0141apicki Tormented by mistrust, a businessman hires a cagey tailor to track his wife's whereabouts with her doctor only to send his mind further down an abyss. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Jeopardy!","tags":"  Alex Trebek Alex Trebek hosts one of TV's longest-running game shows, where a trio of players buzz in with their knowledge of history, arts, pop culture and more. showshow"},{"title":"Jeremy Scott: The People's Designer","tags":" Vlad Yudin Jeremy Scott The journey of fashion designer Jeremy Scott from humble roots on a Missouri farm to creative director of Moschino is charted in this documentary. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Jericho","tags":"  Skeet Ulrich, Lennie James, Ashley Scott, Kenneth Mitchell, Brad Beyer, April Parker-Jones, Alicia Coppola, Pamela Reed, Bob Stephenson, Gerald McRaney, Clare Carey, Richard Speight Jr., Michael Gaston, Erik Knudsen, Shoshannah Stern, Sprague Grayden Jake returns to his Kansas town to collect an inheritance, but a nuclear blast cuts off the outside world and makes him a reluctant leader amid chaos. classic,action,dramaclassic,action,drama"},{"title":"Jersey Boys","tags":" Clint Eastwood John Lloyd Young, Erich Bergen, Michael Lomenda, Vincent Piazza, Christopher Walken, Mike Doyle, Ren\u00e9e Marino, Erica Piccininni, Joey Russo, Donnie Kehr, Katherine Narducci, Steve Schirripa Adapted from the hit Broadway musical, this nostalgic look at the Four Seasons and their bumpy offstage lives stretches across four decades. drama,musicdrama,music"},{"title":"Jesus: Countdown to Calvary","tags":" Gerry Hoban Hugh Bonneville Host Hugh Bonneville traces Jesus' last days to learn how the execution of an itinerant Jewish preacher had an immense impact on society. documental,religiondocumental,religion"},{"title":"Jewel's Catch One","tags":" C. Fitz Jewel Thais-Williams The story of famed L.A. nightclub Catch One and owner Jewel Thais-Williams, who defied all odds and provided a safe space for black LGBT communities. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Jhansi Ki Rani","tags":"  Ulka Gupta, Sameer Dharmadhikari, Amit Pachori, Shailesh Dattar, Aruna Irani In British-ruled, 19th-century India, a 14-year-old girl trains as a warrior and becomes a devoted crusader in her country's fight for independence. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Jimi Hendrix","tags":" Joe Boyd Jimi Hendrix, Eric Clapton, Billy Cox Jimi Hendrix's family, friends, and fellow musicians discuss his life and influence. Hendrix also appears in classic performance footage. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"JingleKids","tags":"   In a magical wonderland, merry children and their furry friends explore their unique hobbies while making eye-opening discoveries through adventures. familyfamily"},{"title":"Jiro Dreams of Sushi","tags":" David Gelb Jiro Ono This documentary profiles sushi chef Jiro Ono, an 85-year-old master whose 10-seat, $300-a-plate restaurant is legendary among Tokyo foodies. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Joe Cocker: Mad Dog with Soul","tags":" John Edginton  From his star turn at Woodstock to his battles with addiction, this film chronicles the stormy life and unique talent of soulful singer Joe Cocker. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"John & Jane","tags":" Ashim Ahluwalia  Truth and fiction blend in this quasi-documentary about six exhausted workers at a Mumbai call center servicing U.S. customers. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"John Carter","tags":" Andrew Stanton Taylor Kitsch, Lynn Collins, Samantha Morton, Willem Dafoe, Thomas Haden Church, Mark Strong, Ciar\u00e1n Hinds, Dominic West, James Purefoy, Bryan Cranston, Polly Walker, Daryl Sabara, Art Malik, Eileen Page, Amanda Clayton, Davood Ghadami, Daniel O'Meara, Jill Baker, Josh Daugherty, Oliver Boot, Philip Arditti, Arkie Reece, Joe Billingiere, Don Stark, Darwin Shaw, Figs Jackman, David Schwimmer, Emma Clifford, Christopher Goodman, Cate Fowler, Sean Carrigan, Dusty Sorg, Steven Cree, Phil Cheadle, Holly Weston, Nicholas Woodeson, Rupert Frazer, Edmund Kente One minute, Civil War veteran John Carter is evading Apaches; the next, he's waking up on Mars, a once-fruitful planet that's devolved into chaos. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"John Day","tags":" Ahishor Solomon Naseeruddin Shah, Randeep Hooda, Shernaz Patel, Elena Kazan, Sharat Saxena, Vipin Sharma, Denzil Smith, Kenneth Desai, Sushil Pandey A bank manager and his wife, still grieving over their daughter who died in a fire, become pawns in a bank heist with ties to corruption and fraud. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Jonathan","tags":" Bill Oliver Ansel Elgort, Suki Waterhouse, Douglas Hodge, Patricia Clarkson, Matt Bomer, Souleymane Sy Savane, Shunori Ramanathan, Joe Egender Two siblings share a body, each getting it for 12 hours a day. But when one of them breaks the rules, their whole way of life comes crashing down. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell","tags":" Toby Haynes Eddie Marsan, Bertie Carvel, Marc Warren, Charlotte Riley, Alice Englert, Samuel West, Enzo Cilenti, Paul Kaye, Edward Hogg, Ariyon Bakare In 1806, ambitious magician Norrell leads a revival of practical magic in England and ignites a fierce rivalry with bold young conjurer Strange. foregin,drama,fantasyforegin,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Jora 10 Numbaria","tags":" Amardeep Singh Gill Deep Sidhu, Dharmendra, Ashish Duggal, Aman Hundal, Pali Sidhu, Mukesh Tiwari, Mukul Dev The wounds of a traumatic childhood and a corrupt, unjust system push a young man into becoming a cold-blooded, ruthless gangster. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Juana Brava","tags":"  Elisa Zulueta, Alejandro Trejo, Lucas Balmaceda, Gast\u00f3n Salgado, Nelson Brodt, Emilia Noguera, Daniel Guill\u00f3n, \u00c1ngela Lineros After many years away, a woman returns to her hometown, where her mayor father presides over a corrupt, lawless and rundown municipality. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Juana In\u00e9s","tags":"  Arcelia Ram\u00edrez, Arantza Ruiz, Hern\u00e1n Del Riego, Margarita Sanz, Lisa Owen, Yolanda Corrales, Carlos Valencia, Mauricio Isaac, Pedro de Tavira Egurrola, Emilio Savinni, N\u00e9stor Galv\u00e1n, Paulina Matos, Alberto Collado, Roc\u00edo Garc\u00eda, Luis Maya, Clementina Guadarrama Juana In\u00e9s de la Cruz, a powerful feminist nun involved in a forbidden love affair with a woman, faces oppression in 17th-century Mexico. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Judwaa","tags":" David Dhawan Salman Khan, Karisma Kapoor, Rambha, Kader Khan, Anupam Kher, Shakti Kapoor, Bindu, Reema Lagoo, Satish Shah, Mukesh Rishi Separated at birth, a pair of identical twins unexpectedly reunite as adults and embark on a madcap mission to take down a common enemy from their past. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer","tags":" John Schultz Jordana Beatty, Heather Graham, Parris Mosteller, Preston Bailey, Kristoffer Ryan Winters, Garrett Ryan, Jaleel White, Ashley Boettcher, Taylar Hender, Cameron Boyce, Jenica Bergere, Janet Varney In this family film, never-dull third-grader Judy Moody embarks on a summer adventure with her brother, Stink, and always-up-for-fun Aunt Opal. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Julie & Julia","tags":" Nora Ephron Meryl Streep, Amy Adams, Stanley Tucci, Chris Messina, Linda Emond, Helen Carey, Mary Lynn Rajskub, Jane Lynch, Joan Juliet Buck In this heartwarming tale, Julie Powell decides to spice up her uneventful life by cooking all 524 recipes outlined in Julia Child's classic cookbook. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Julius Jr.","tags":"  Elizabeth Daily, Julie Lemieux, Athena Karkanis, Benjamin Israel, Stephanie Lynn Robinson Paul Frank's fun artwork comes to life in this show that follows monkey Julius Jr. and his friends as they explore the world and help each other out. familyfamily"},{"title":"Jumping the Broom","tags":" Salim Akil Angela Bassett, Paula Patton, Laz Alonso, Loretta Devine, Meagan Good, Tasha Smith, Julie Bowen, DeRay Davis, Valarie Pettiford, Pooch Hall, Tenika Davis, T.D. Jakes, Mike Epps, Romeo Miller, Marguerite McNeil, El DeBarge, Brian Stokes Mitchell, Gary Dourdan After a whirlwind romance, a couple rushes to say \"I do\" at the bride's family estate on Martha's Vineyard, where their relations meet \u2014 and clash. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Junebug","tags":" Phil Morrison Amy Adams, Embeth Davidtz, Ben McKenzie, Alessandro Nivola, Frank Hoyt Taylor, Celia Weston, Scott Wilson, Jill Wagner, Victoria Jackson, Chuck Russell, Jerry Minor, Matt Besser When a big-city art dealer travels to North Carolina to meet her new husband's small-town family, their trip gives rise to a multitude of problems. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Jupiter Ascending","tags":" Lana Wachowski, Lilly Wachowski Mila Kunis, Channing Tatum, Sean Bean, Eddie Redmayne, Douglas Booth, Tuppence Middleton, Nikki Amuka-Bird, Christina Cole, James D'Arcy, Gugu Mbatha-Raw A young impoverished woman learns she's been predestined to change the fate of the universe after a genetically engineered hunter tracks her down. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Just Friends","tags":" Roger Kumble Anna Faris, Ty Olsson, Julie Hagerty, Amy Smart, Chris Marquette, Fred Ewanuick, Amy Matysio, Chris Klein, Ryan Reynolds, Stephen Root Years after high school, a once-portly nice guy comes home for the holidays and reunites with a former crush he still has feelings for. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Justice, My Foot!","tags":" Johnnie To Stephen Chow, Anita Mui, Carrie Ng, Wai Ai, Benjamin Chan, Ka Sang Cheung, Wing Cho, Paul Chun, Eddy Ko, Chi Ming Lau Slick lawyer Sung fears he's been cursed with bad karma and considers giving up his practice \u2013 until he's approached by a widow accused of murder. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Justin Bieber: Never Say Never","tags":" Jon M. Chu Justin Bieber, Ludacris, Usher Raymond, Jaden Smith, Miley Cyrus, Sean Kingston, Boyz II Men Teen idol Justin Bieber provides personal snapshots from throughout his career, culminating with scenes from his triumphant 2010 concert tour. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"K","tags":"  Daisuke Namikawa, Daisuke Ono, Mikako Komatsu, Kenjiro Tsuda, Tomokazu Sugita, Yui Horie, Takahiro Sakurai, Jun Fukuyama, Yuichi Nakamura, Miyuki Sawashiro, Mamoru Miyano, Satomi Sato, Yuki Kaji, Tetsuya Kakihara, Shozo Iizuka A young boy is wanted for a crime he has no recollection of committing and must go on the run, hunted by two powerful kings and their forces. anime,action,foreginanime,action,foregin"},{"title":"K-19: The Widowmaker","tags":" Kathryn Bigelow Harrison Ford, Liam Neeson, Peter Sarsgaard, Sam Spruell, Joss Ackland, Peter Stebbings, Christian Camargo, Sam Redford, John Shrapnel, Donald Sumpter On board Russia's first nuclear ballistic submarine, Capt. Vostrikov must race against time to prevent a Chernobyl-like explosion. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Ka\u00e7ak","tags":"  G\u00fcrkan Uygun, Mustafa Avk\u0131ran, Berk Hakman, Beg\u00fcm Birg\u00f6ren, \u00d6zlem Y\u0131lmaz, Ya\u011fmur Tanr\u0131sevsin, \u0130nan\u00e7 Konuk\u00e7u, Hasan K\u00fc\u00e7\u00fck\u00e7etin, Metin Co\u015fkun, Selda \u00d6zer, Ya\u011f\u0131z Atakan Sava\u015f, Burak Deniz, Cengiz Sezici, Haluk Bilginer, Tu\u011fba Melis T\u00fcrk A cop who killed a mobster's son and fled to a small town with a changed identity finds his quiet new life disrupted when he becomes a local hero. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"Kaabil","tags":" Sanjay Gupta Hrithik Roshan, Yami Gautam, Ronit Roy, Rohit Roy, Narendra Jha, Girish Kulkarni, Sahidur Rahaman, Suresh Menon The happy life of a young blind couple is shattered when the wife is raped and corrupt police won't help, sending the husband on a quest for revenge. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Kaakan","tags":" Kranti Redkar Jitendra Joshi, Urmila Kanitkar, Ashutosh Gaikwad, Ashok Shinde, Madhavi Juvekar Star-crossed lovers from different social strata struggle to overcome differences in class and family expectation, as well as a long separation. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Kaalia","tags":" Tinnu Anand Amitabh Bachchan, Asha Parekh, Parveen Babi, Amjad Khan, Pran, K.N. Singh, Sajjan, Murad, Kader Khan, Jagdeep Jailed for robbing his brother\u2019s unscrupulous employer, a simpleton has a transformation while in prison, emerging with a violent mission for revenge. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kaaliyan","tags":" Jijo Pancode Tini Tom, Meghanathan, Balachandran Chullikadu, Shivaji Guruvayoor, Kottayam Purushan, Nithin George, Grace Antony, Shalu An aggressive, wayward fisherman abandons his wife and daughters, who grow up to face the consequences of their father's mistakes. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Kabali (Hindi Version)","tags":" Pa. Ranjith Rajnikanth, Winston Chao, Radhika Apte, Nassar, Dhansika, Kalaiyarasan, Dinesh, John Vijay, Kishore Kumar G., Riythvika In this Hindi version of the Tamil blockbuster, a Tamil gang leader in Kuala Lumpur seeks justice for crimes committed against him and his family. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kacche Dhaagey","tags":" Buta Singh Yograj Singh, Nitu Pandher, Deep Mandian, Shreya Chawla, Jagpal Singh Chahal, Jyoti Sharma, Janak Joshi, Karan Vinayak While visiting India for her cousin's wedding, a Canadian girl develops strong feelings for a boy from a lower caste. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet","tags":" Roger Allers, Ga\u00ebtan Brizzi, Paul Brizzi, Joan C. Gratz, Mohammed Saeed Harib, Tomm Moore, Nina Paley, Bill Plympton, Joann Sfar, Michael Socha Liam Neeson, Salma Hayek, John Krasinski, Frank Langella, Alfred Molina, John Rhys-Davies, Quvenzhan\u00e9 Wallis A troubled young girl and her mother find solace on a journey with a subversive poet whose words captivate their hearts and imaginations. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Kajraare","tags":" Pooja Bhatt Himesh Reshammiya, Sara Loren, Amrita Singh, Gulshan Grover, Javed Sheikh, Adnan Shah, Natasha Sinha, Gaurav Chanana, Anupam Shyam A popular singer on the run poses as a bartender and falls in love with a prostitute, but their love is threatened by a violent incident in his past. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Kaleidoscope","tags":" Rupert Jones Toby Jones, Anne Reid, Sinead Matthews, Cecilia Noble, Karl Johnson, Frederick Schmidt, Deborah Findlay, Manjinder Virk A quiet ex-con's tenuous grip on reality starts to slip when his manipulative mother brings out a part of him he hoped to leave behind. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Kalki","tags":" Dhilip Kumar Kishore Kumar G., Yasmin Ponnappa, Mithraboomi Saravanan A scientist trying to solve one of the universe's greatest puzzles begins a romance with a much younger colleague that's haunted by a dark secret. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Kanika","tags":"  Sharad Ponkshe, Smita Shewale A doctor and his colleagues who use sex-determination testing for unethical ends face retribution from a supernatural victim who seeks vengeance. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Karzzzz","tags":" Satish Kaushik Himesh Reshammiya, Urmila Matondkar, Shweta Kumar, Dino Morea, Raj Babbar, Danny Denzongpa, Gulshan Grover, Rohini Hattangadi, Asrani, Smita Bansal When flashbacks reveal that he's the reincarnation of a man murdered by his wife, rock star Monty sets out to get revenge for the decades-old crime. foregin,music,romanceforegin,music,romance"},{"title":"Kate & Leopold","tags":" James Mangold Meg Ryan, Hugh Jackman, Liev Schreiber, Breckin Meyer, Natasha Lyonne, Bradley Whitford, Paxton Whitehead, Spalding Gray, Josh Stamberg, Matthew Sussman A present-day woman takes responsibility for guiding a charming time-traveling 19th-century nobleman through the 21st century. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Katha","tags":" Sai Paranjape Farooq Shaikh, Naseeruddin Shah, Deepti Naval, Veeni Paranjape Joglekar, Mallika Sarabhai, Arun Joglekar Secretly in love with his neighbor, a mild-mannered clerk is heartbroken when his much bolder, more charming friend wins her heart instead. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Katt Williams: Live","tags":" Alphonso J. Wesson Katt Williams Outspoken comedian Katt Williams pokes fun at a variety of topics, including sex, relationships, parenthood and trying to make it as an entertainer. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kaviyude Osyath","tags":" Vineeth Anil Prakash Bare, Arun Kumar, Kulappulli Leela, Sangeetha Mohan, Kochu Preman When a late poet leaves behind his property to a young man, the man's brother suspects the poet may have been more than just a family friend. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Kay Dyache Bola","tags":" Chandrakant Kulkarni Makarand Anaspure, Akshay Pendse, Umesh Kamat, Sharvari Jamenis, Sachin Khedekar, Arun Nalawade, Mohan Agashe, Nirmiti Sawant, Sanjay Mone, Amita Khopkar, Pushkar Shrotri, Ganesh Yadav Wrongfully accused of murder, two students' last hope lies with their defense attorney, an inexperienced bumbler who's never even tried a case. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ken Burns: The Civil War","tags":" Ken Burns Sam Waterston, Julie Harris, Jason Robards, Morgan Freeman, Paul Roebling, Garrison Keillor, George Black, David McCullough, Arthur Miller, Christopher Murney, Charles McDowell, Horton Foote, George Plimpton, Philip Bosco, Terry Courier, Jody Powell, Studs Terkel Ken Burns's documentary depicts the action of famous Civil War battles, and relates the stories of soldiers, generals and a beleaguered president. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Ken Burns: The Roosevelts: An Intimate History","tags":" Ken Burns  Award-winning documentarian Burns profiles three members of one of America's premier political families: Theodore, Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Ken Burns: The West","tags":"  Peter Coyote Historian Ken Burns and his team bring to life the challenges Americans faced in the 19th century as they embarked on westward expansion. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Kevin Hart: Laugh at My Pain","tags":" Leslie Small, Tim Story Kevin Hart Sometimes edgy and always hilarious, comedian Kevin Hart shines in this theatrical version of his record-breaking 2011 live tour. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kevin Hart: Let Me Explain","tags":" Leslie Small, Tim Story Kevin Hart Philadelphia funnyman Kevin Hart takes the stage in front of a sold-out crowd at Madison Square Garden, part of his hit \"Let Me Explain\" world tour. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kevin Hart: Seriously Funny","tags":" Shannon Hartman Kevin Hart With his unique hip-hop style delivery, African American stand-up comedian Kevin Hart expounds on life at a sold-out concert performance. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Kevyn Aucoin: Beauty & the Beast in Me","tags":" Lori Kaye Kevyn Aucoin, Cindy Crawford, Naomi Campbell, Gwyneth Paltrow, Andie MacDowell, Paulina Porizkova, Amber Valletta Makeup artist Kevyn Aucoin worked with top supermodels in the 1980s and 1990s. Personal videos merged with interviews provide a peek into his life. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Khaani","tags":"  Feroze Khan, Sana Javed, Mehmood Aslam, Saman Ansari, Qavi Khan, Salma Hasan, Rashid Farooqi, Muhammad Mubarik Ali After a rich politician's son kills a young woman's brother, an unlikely romantic connection complicates her pursuit of justice. action,foregin,romanceaction,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Khalnayak","tags":" Subhash Ghai Sanjay Dutt, Madhuri Dixit, Jackie Shroff, Anupam Kher, Rakhee Gulzar, Pramod Moutho, Ramya Krishnan, Sushmita Mukherjee, Neena Gupta, A.K. Hangal A prison guard goes undercover as a dancer to try and recapture an escaped criminal and restore her police inspector boyfriend's reputation. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Khan: No. 1 Crime Hunter","tags":"  Rajesh Sharma From fake marriages to online shopping fraud, a whip-smart police officer investigates truly baffling cons that were inspired by true stories. action,foregin,comedyaction,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Khelti Hai Zindagi Aankh Micholi","tags":"  Ulka Gupta, Gautami Kapoor, Reema Shaikh, Vinay Jain, Manav Gohil, Helly Shah The life of a 14-year-old girl is thrown into turmoil when her father dies, forcing her mother to make hard choices for their family. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Khosla Ka Ghosla","tags":" Dibakar Banerjee Anupam Kher, Boman Irani, Parvin Dabas, Tara Sharma, Navin Nischol, Kiran Juneja, Ranvir Shorey, Vinod Nagpal, Vinay Pathak, Nitish Pandey A cranky control freak must rely on his comically dysfunctional family to pull off a scam on a greedy land shark who's stolen his prized property. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Khotey Sikkey","tags":"  Vikas Kumar, Hassan Zaidi, Sukhmani Sadana, Puru Chibber, Dilkhush, Mark Farokh Parakh Five affluent youths find a new sense of purpose as they team up with a Mumbai police officer on crime-busting missions around the city. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Khubsoorat","tags":" Hrishikesh Mukherjee Ashok Kumar, Rekha, Rakesh Roshan, Shashikala, Aradhana, Dina Pathak, David Abraham, S.N. Banerjee, Keshto Mukherjee A strict matriarch's regimented household is upended by the arrival of a spunky relative who challenges the rules. classic,comedy,dramaclassic,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Khushi","tags":" Surya S.J., Sunil Kumar Agrawal Fardeen Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Amrish Puri, Navin Nischol, Beena, Anup Soni, Johnny Lever, Sharat Saxena, Amitabh Bachchan, Sakshi Shivanand While playing matchmaker to a pair of their friends, two young university students begin developing feelings for each other. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Kia and Cosmos","tags":" Sudipto Roy Ritwika Pal, Swastika Mukherjee, Joy Sengupta A 15-year-old girl with autism attempts to write a mystery novel based on her hunt for the killer of a neighborhood cat. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Kickboxer: Retaliation","tags":" Dimitri Logothetis Alain Moussi, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Mike Tyson, Christopher Lambert, Sara Malakul Lane, Haf\u00fe\u00f3r J\u00fal\u00edus Bj\u00f6rnsson, Sam Medina, Steven Swadling Sloan's vow to never return to Thailand is cut short when he's kidnapped and taken to a Thai prison, where he's forced to fight a 400-pound brute. actionaction"},{"title":"Kickboxer: Vengeance","tags":" John Stockwell Alain Moussi, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Dave Bautista, Gina Carano, Georges St-Pierre, Sara Malakul Lane, Matthew Ziff, T.J. Storm, Fabricio Werdum, Cain Velasquez After a skilled fighter falls in the ring, his younger brother emerges from the shadows to train and get revenge against a brutal champion. actionaction"},{"title":"Kicking and Screaming","tags":" Noah Baumbach Josh Hamilton, Olivia d'Abo, Carlos Jacott, Chris Eigeman, Eric Stoltz, Jason Wiles, Parker Posey, Cara Buono, Elliott Gould, Samuel Gould After graduating, four college roomies \u2013 petrified by the prospect of facing \"real life\" \u2013 reluctantly step into adulthood in this ensemble comedy. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Kid Kulafu","tags":" Paul Soriano Robert Villar, Alessandra de Rossi, Cesar Montano, Alex Medina, Jake Macapagal, Khalil Ramos, Jomari Angeles, Kokoy DeSantos Growing up in poverty and political turmoil, he found his way out in the ring. The early years of world-famous boxer Manny Pacquiao unfolds in this biopic. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Kidnapping Mr. Heineken","tags":" Daniel Alfredson Jim Sturgess, Sam Worthington, Ryan Kwanten, Anthony Hopkins, Mark van Eeuwen, Thomas Cocquerel, Jemima West, David Dencik When beer magnate Alfred \"Freddy\" Heineken is kidnapped in 1983, his abductors make the largest ransom demand in history. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kill Bill: Vol. 1","tags":" Quentin Tarantino Uma Thurman, Lucy Liu, Vivica A. Fox, Daryl Hannah, David Carradine, Michael Madsen, Julie Dreyfus, Chiaki Kuriyama, Sonny Chiba, Gordon Liu An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle. But she lives \u2013 and plots her vengeance. actionaction"},{"title":"Kill Bill: Vol. 2","tags":" Quentin Tarantino Uma Thurman, David Carradine, Michael Madsen, Daryl Hannah, Gordon Liu, Michael Parks, Perla Haney-Jardine, Helen Kim, Claire Smithies, Clark Middleton The Bride has three left on her rampage list: Budd, Elle Driver and Bill himself. But when she arrives at Bill's house, she's in for a surprise. actionaction"},{"title":"Kill Command","tags":" Steven Gomez Vanessa Kirby, David Ajala, Mike Noble, Bentley Kalu, Tom McKay, Kelly Gough, Osi Okerafor, Damian Kell, Tim Ahern, Deborah Rosan, Thure Lindhardt On a remote island, elite soldiers discover their training exercise is actually an experimental death trap teeming with efficiently lethal robots. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Kill Hitler! The Luck of the Devil","tags":" Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Tonolli Jean-Baptiste Marcenac From politicians to officers, many attempted to kill Hitler \u2013 and failed. This documentary delves into the details of how their plots unraveled. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Kill Ratio","tags":" Paul Tanter Tom Hopper, Amy Huberman, Lacy Moore, Brian McGuinness, Luke Pierucci, Nick Dunning Posing as a telecom salesman at a business conference, a CIA agent fights to protect a fledgling Eastern European democracy from a military coup. actionaction"},{"title":"Kill the Irishman","tags":" Jonathan Hensleigh Ray Stevenson, Vincent D'Onofrio, Val Kilmer, Christopher Walken, Linda Cardellini, Fionnula Flanagan, Jason Butler Harner, Vinnie Jones, Paul Sorvino, Marcus Thomas, Tony Darrow This true crime tale charts the rise and fall of mobster Danny Greene, who faced down the Mafia to gain control of organized crime in 1970s Cleveland. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Killer Klowns from Outer Space","tags":" Stephen Chiodo Grant Cramer, Suzanne Snyder, John Allen Nelson, John Vernon, Michael S. Siegel, Peter Licassi, Royal Dano, Christopher Titus, Irene Michaels, Karla Sue Krull An alien band of killer clowns descends from the cosmos to harvest scores of small-town victims, cocooning their prey in cotton candy to eat later. comedy,classic,suspensecomedy,classic,suspense"},{"title":"Killers","tags":" Robert Luketic Katherine Heigl, Ashton Kutcher, Tom Selleck, Catherine O'Hara, Katheryn Winnick, Kevin Sussman, Lisa Ann Walter, Casey Wilson, Rob Riggle, Martin Mull, Alex Borstein After a whirlwind romance, Jen and Spencer settle into married life \u2014 until Spencer's secret past as a hit man shakes up their suburban bliss. action,comedy,romanceaction,comedy,romance"},{"title":"Kills on Wheels","tags":" Attila Till Szabolcs Thur\u00f3czy, Zolt\u00e1n Fenyvesi, Ad\u00e1m Fekete, Dusan Vitanovic, M\u00f3nika Balsai, Lidia Danis, Zolt\u00e1n Mucsi Two young men with disabilities befriend a hitman in a wheelchair and become his helpers, only to wind up in the crosshairs of a Serbian mobster. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kilo Two Bravo","tags":" Paul Katis David Elliot, Mark Stanley, Scott Kyle, Benjamin O'Mahony, Bryan Parry, Liam Ainsworth, Andy Gibbins, John Doughty, Paul Luebke, Thomas Davison, Grant Kilburn, Robert Mitchell, Jon-Paul Bell, Malachi Kirby, Ali Cook On patrol in Afghanistan, a British paratrooper unit unwittingly ventures into a dry riverbed that turns out to be littered with land mines. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"King Jack","tags":" Felix Thompson Charlie Plummer, Cory Nichols, Christian Madsen, Danny Flaherty, Erin Davie, Chloe Levine Already coping with a bully, a mercurial older brother and summer school, 15-year-old Jack is saddled with his young cousin for an eventful weekend. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"King's Ransom","tags":" Jeffrey W. Byrd Anthony Anderson, Jay Mohr, Kellita Smith, Nicole Ari Parker, Regina Hall, Loretta Devine, Donald Faison, Leila Arcieri, Charlie Murphy, Brooke D'Orsay A wealthy, despicable businessman comes to the realization that he may lose half his fortune to the obnoxious wife he's trying to divorce. So, he decides to arrange his own kidnapping in order to wipe himself out and claim poverty. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Kingpin","tags":" Peter Farrelly, Bobby Farrelly Woody Harrelson, Randy Quaid, Vanessa Angel, Bill Murray, Chris Elliott, William Jordan, Richard Tyson, Lin Shaye After a bowler loses his hand, his career takes a nosedive. That is, until he uncovers the next big thing: an Amish kid named Ishmael. comedy,classic,sportscomedy,classic,sports"},{"title":"Kings","tags":" Deniz Gamze Erg\u00fcven Halle Berry, Daniel Craig, Lamar Johnson, Kaalan Walker, Rachel Hilson, Issac Ryan Brown, Callan Farris, Serenity Reign Brown, Reece Cody, Aiden Akpan A foster mom and her houseful of kids befriend a bitter neighbor after the Rodney King verdict is handed down in 1992 Los Angeles. dramadrama"},{"title":"Kis Kisko Pyaar Karoon","tags":" Abbas Alibhai Burmawalla, Mastan Alibhai Burmawalla Kapil Sharma, Arbaaz Khan, Varun Sharma, Sharat Saxena, Supriya Pathak, Manoj Joshi, Manjari Fadnis, Simran Kaur Mundi, Elli Avram, Jamie Lever A man's decision to marry three women, to keep them from committing suicide, complicates his relationship with his girlfriend. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Kiss the Girls","tags":" Gary Fleder Morgan Freeman, Ashley Judd, Cary Elwes, Alex McArthur, Tony Goldwyn, Jay O. Sanders, Bill Nunn, Brian Cox A forensic psychologist teams up with an escaped kidnapping victim to hunt down a serial killer who abducts and dominates strong-willed women. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Kitten Rescuers","tags":"  Jo Brand Cat-crazy host Jo Brand follows vets and animal welfare officers who take on daring rescues to save furry felines subjected to different cat-astrophes. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"KL Zombi","tags":" Woo Ming Jin Zizan Razak, Siti Saleha, Zain Hamid, Izara Aishah, Fadzli Daniel Ali, Usop Wilcha A field hockey-playing pizza delivery boy finds himself transformed from slacker to zombie slayer during an outbreak of the undead in Kuala Lumpur. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Knights of Sidonia","tags":"  Ryota Osaka, Aya Suzaki, Aki Toyosaki, Takahiro Sakurai, Hisako Kanemoto, Eri Kitamura, Sayaka Ohara, Tomohiro Tsuboi, Takehito Koyasu, Satomi Arai, Atsuko Tanaka, Nanako Mori, Takako Honda, Kohsuke Toriumi, Ayane Sakura, Osamu Saka A hero rises to save a world that's also a spaceship under siege by an alien threat in this original anime series based on the popular manga comic. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Knock Knock","tags":" Eli Roth Keanu Reeves, Lorenza Izzo, Ana de Armas, Aaron Burns, Ignacia Allamand, Dan Baily, Megan Baily, Colleen Camp, Antonio Quercia A devoted husband and father on his own for the weekend has his life turned inside out after giving shelter to two young women during a storm. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Know Your Enemy - Japan","tags":" Frank Capra, Joris Ivens Walter Huston, Dana Andrews Though culturally insensitive by modern standards, this propaganda film examines the history of Japan from the 16th century through the 1930s. classic,documentalclassic,documental"},{"title":"Knowing","tags":" Alex Proyas Nicolas Cage, Chandler Canterbury, Rose Byrne, Lara Robinson, D.G. Maloney, Nadia Townsend, Alan Hopgood, Adrienne Pickering An MIT astrophysics professor and his son unearth a string of numbers from a time capsule that seem to reveal a cataclysm that will wipe out humanity. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Koko: The Gorilla Who Talks","tags":" Jonathan Taylor Demetri Goritsas Witness the incredible, decades-long friendship between Koko the gorilla and Penny Patterson, who taught Koko to communicate via sign language. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Kon-Tiki","tags":" Joachim R\u00f8nning, Espen Sandberg P\u00e5l Sverre Hagen, Anders Baasmo Christiansen, Tobias Santelmann, Gustaf Skarsg\u00e5rd, Odd Magnus Williamson, Jakob Oftebro, Agnes Kittelsen, Peter Wight, Amund Hellum Noraker, Eilif Hellum Noraker With five loyal friends in tow, explorer Thor Heyerdahl sails a fragile balsa wood raft along an ancient path some 4,300 miles across the Pacific. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Koshish","tags":" Gulzar Sanjeev Kumar, Jaya Bhaduri, Asrani, Seema, Om Shivpuri, Dina Pathak A speech and hearing-impaired couple persists through unforgiving obstacles to be accepted by society and live a life of dignity. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Kraftidioten","tags":" Hans Petter Moland Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd, P\u00e5l Sverre Hagen, Bruno Ganz, Hildegun Riise, Peter Andersson, Birgitte Hjort S\u00f8rensen, Jakob Oftebro, Anders Baasmo Christiansen, Jon \u00d8igarden, Gard B. Eidsvold, Kristofer Hivju, Birgitte Hjort Sorensen, Stellan Skarsgard When he sets out to avenge his son's murder, mild-mannered snowplow driver Nils sparks a war between a Norwegian mobster and his Serbian rival. comedy,foregin,suspensecomedy,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Krish Trish and Baltiboy: Face Your Fears","tags":" Tilak Shetty Tarun Ratnani, Smita Malhotra, Deepak Chachra In three tales about fear, a baby elephant gets captured by a circus, two boys enter a haunted house and a parrot faces his fear of flying. familyfamily"},{"title":"Krisha","tags":" Trey Edward Shults Krisha Fairchild, Alex Dobrenko, Robyn Fairchild, Chris Doubek, Victoria Fairchild, Bryan Casserly, Chase Joliet, Atheena Frizzell, Augustine Frizzell, Bill Wise, Olivia Grace Applegate, Trey Edward Shults After 10 years away from her family, Krisha returns for Thanksgiving, but bitter grudges and troubling addictions threaten to ruin the event. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Kristy","tags":" Oliver Blackburn Haley Bennett, Ashley Greene, Erica Ash, Lucas Till, Chris Coy, Al Vicente, Wayne P\u00e9re, Jon Arthur, Mike Seal Opting to stay on campus over the Thanksgiving holiday, coed Justine and a handful of friends find their break violently disrupted by a sadistic gang. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Krystal","tags":" William H. Macy Rosario Dawson, Nick Robinson, Jacob Latimore, Grant Gustin, William H. Macy, Kathy Bates, Felicity Huffman, William Fichtner, T.I., Rick Fox, Amy Parrish A kid with a heart condition falls for an ex-stripper with a lot of baggage and joins her Alcoholics Anonymous group to catch her attention. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Kuldip Patwal: I Didn't Do It!","tags":" Remy Kohli Deepak Dobriyal, Gulshan Devaiah, Raima Sen, Parvin Dabas, Anurag Arora, Jameel Khan, Priyanka Setia Accused of killing a politician, a local grocer\u2019s fight to prove his innocence reveals his lifelong struggles with injustice leading up to the incident. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Kung Fu Hustle","tags":" Stephen Chow Stephen Chow, Yuen Wah, Yuen Qiu, Lam Chi-chung, Dong Zhihua, Chiu Chi-ling, Xing Yu, Danny Chan Kwok-kwan, Leung Siu-lung Sing, a mobster in 1940s China, longs to be as cool as the formally clad Axe Gang, a band of killers who rule Hong Kong, but can only pretend. action,comedy,classicaction,comedy,classic"},{"title":"Kung Fu Magoo","tags":" Andr\u00e9s Couturier Dylan Sprouse, Cole Sprouse, Alyson Stoner, Tom Kenny, Chris Parnell, Rodger Bumpass, Maile Flanagan, Wally Wingert, Candi Milo, Jim Ward Shortsighted curmudgeon Mr. Magoo and his young nephew, Justin, fight such nefarious foes as kung fu villains, robot spiders and teenage mutants. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Kung Fu Panda: Holiday","tags":" Tim Johnson Jack Black, Angelina Jolie, Dustin Hoffman, Jackie Chan, Seth Rogen, Lucy Liu, David Cross, James Hong, Dan Fogler As preparations for the Winter Feast build, Po is caught between his obligations as the Dragon Warrior and his family holiday traditions. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Kung Fu Yoga","tags":" Stanley Tong Jackie Chan, Disha Patani, Amyra Dastur, Sonu Sood, Aarif Rahman, Miya Muqi, Zhang Yixing, Eric Tsang Two mismatched archaeologists battle a team of vicious mercenaries in a race to discover an ancient Tibetan treasure of unimaginable worth. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Kurt & Courtney","tags":" Nick Broomfield Kurt Cobain, Courtney Love This film charts Nirvana's Kurt Cobain's rise to fame, his drug-addled romance with Courtney Love and the conspiracy theories surrounding his death. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Kurt Seyit & Sura","tags":"  K\u0131van\u00e7 Tatl\u0131tu\u011f, Farah Zeynep Abdullah, Fahriye Evcen, Ushan \u00c7ak\u0131r, Birkan Sokullu A Turkish lieutenant and the daughter of Russian nobles fight for their love against forces of family and social expectation and historical events. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Kurtulus Son Durak","tags":" Yusuf Pirhasan Bel\u00e7im Bilgin, Demet Akba\u011f, Asuman Dabak, Ayten Soyk\u00f6k, Damla S\u00f6nmez, Mete Horozo\u011flu, Ahmet M\u00fcmtaz Taylan, Yavuz Bing\u00f6l, H\u00fcseyin Soysalan, Tolga Kara\u00e7elik, Nihal Yal\u00e7\u0131n When a recently single psychologist moves to a new neighborhood, she finds friendship with women starting to rebel against years of domestic abuse. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Kya Kehna","tags":" Kundan Shah Preity Zinta, Saif Ali Khan, Anupam Kher, Farida Jalal, Chandrachur Singh A young university student's world is shaken after her brief involvement with a wealthy playboy results in her pregnancy. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Kygo: Live at the Hollywood Bowl","tags":" Devin Chanda Kygo Join Norwegian electronic music superstar Kygo onstage and behind the scenes as he performs at the famed L.A. venue with a bevy of special guests. musicmusic"},{"title":"Kyun! Ho Gaya Na","tags":" Samir Karnik Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Vivek Oberoi, Amitabh Bachchan, Om Puri, Rati Agnihotri, Sunil Shetty, Tinnu Anand, Rahul Singh Cinematic lovebirds Aishwarya Rai and Vivek Oberoi star in this love story about a sweet young girl, Diya, brought up by her widowed father on a coffee plantation in the village of Coorg. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"La \u00daltima Fiesta","tags":" Leandro Mark, Nicol\u00e1s Silbert Nicol\u00e1s V\u00e1zquez, Alan Sabbagh, Benjam\u00edn Amadeo, Eva De Dominici, C\u00e9sar Bord\u00f3n, Julian Kartun, Paula Carruega, Luciano Rossi, Ezequiel Campa Three best buddies are thrown into a wild chase for a priceless painting that was stolen from a house they used to throw a huge party. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"LA 92","tags":" Daniel Lindsay, T.J. Martin  Previously unseen footage is shaped into a fresh and timely retelling of the 1992 Rodney King trial \u2013 and the verdict that sparked civil unrest. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"La Bamba","tags":" Luis Valdez Lou Diamond Phillips, Esai Morales, Rosanna DeSoto, Elizabeth Pe\u00f1a, Danielle von Zerneck, Joe Pantoliano, Rick Dees, Marshall Crenshaw, Howard Huntsberry, Brian Setzer The plane crash that killed Buddy Holly also took Ritchie Valens, whose modest upbringing and rise to fame are depicted in this exhilarating biopic. classic,drama,musicclassic,drama,music"},{"title":"La Coppia dei Campioni","tags":" Giulio Base Massimo Boldi, Massimiliano Tortora, Anna Maria Barbera, Massimo Ceccherini, Pia Lanciotti, Flora Canto After winning a shared trip to a soccer match, two colleagues who hold opposite world views find they're stuck traveling together for the duration. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"La Familia P. Luche","tags":"  Eugenio Derbez, Consuelo Duval, Luis Manuel \u00c1vila, Regina Bland\u00f3n, Miguel Perez, Barbara Torres, Dalilah Polanco, Pierre Angelo This irreverent sitcom featues Ludovico, Federica and their three children Bibi, Junior and Ludoviquito, living in Ciudad P. Luche. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"La Piloto","tags":"  Livia Brito, Juan Eduardo Colucho, Arap Bethke, Mar\u00eda Fernanda Y\u00e9pes, Alejandro Nones, Mar\u00eda De La Fuente, Ver\u00f3nica Montes, Natasha Dom\u00ednguez, Mar\u00eda Fernanda Garc\u00eda, Mauricio Aspe, Stephanie Salas, Tommy Vasquez, Macarena Achaga Dreaming her whole life of becoming a pilot, Yolanda finds work as a flight attendant, unaware she'll soon be thrust into a drug smuggling operation. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"La Rosa de Guadalupe","tags":"  Milia Nader, Francisco Avenda\u00f1o, Diego Lara, Sandra Itzel, Marisol del Olmo, Aleyda Gallardo, Gerardo Murgu\u00eda, Roxana Saucedo, Emmanuel Orenday, Maru Due\u00f1as This series responds to the need to believe in miracles, dreams, love stories and happy endings, with positive characters. classic,action,foreginclassic,action,foregin"},{"title":"La Viuda Negra","tags":" Alejandro Lozano Ana Serradilla, Juli\u00e1n Rom\u00e1n, Ramiro Meneses, Juan Pablo Gamboa, Eileen Moreno, Luis Alfredo Velasco, Margarita Reyes, Alexander Gil, Luis Roberto Guzm\u00e1n, Ra\u00fal M\u00e9ndez Beautiful and ruthless Griselda Blanco, known as the queen of cocaine, becomes Pablo Escobar's boss and governs a world of deceit and death. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Laal Rang","tags":" Syed Ahmad Afzal Randeep Hooda, Piaa Bajpai, Jaihind Kumar, Akshay Oberoi, Rajneesh Duggal, Ashutosh Kaushik, Meenakshi Dixit, Shreya Narayan, Rajendra Sethi Eager for cash, Rajesh joins his friend Shankar's blood-theft operation. As Rajesh's greed grows and the cops close in, Shankar is poised to explode. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Laddaland","tags":" Sopon Sukdapisit Saharat Sangkapreecha, Pok Piyatida Woramusik, Sutatta Udomsilp, Athipich Chutiwatkajornchai, Deuntem Salitul, Sahajak Boonthanakit When a family moves into an upscale housing development, they encounter a series of paranormal events that drive them to the edge of insanity. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Lady Bloodfight","tags":" Chris Nahon Amy Johnston, Muriel Hofmann, Jenny Wu, Kathy Wu, Jet Tranter, Mayling Ng An American travels to Hong Kong in hopes of winning a lucrative \u2013 but potentially deadly \u2013 all-female underground fighting tournament. actionaction"},{"title":"Lady in the Water","tags":" M. Night Shyamalan Paul Giamatti, Bryce Dallas Howard, Jeffrey Wright, Bob Balaban, Sarita Choudhury, Cindy Cheung, M. Night Shyamalan, Freddy Rodr\u00edguez, Bill Irwin, Mary Beth Hurt When an apartment building manager discovers a water nymph in the complex's swimming pool, he tries to help her return to her mythical home. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Lady-Like","tags":"  Allie Gallerani, Beverly D'Angelo, Olivia Luccardi, Stephanie Simbari, Nick Clark, Brian Wiles After she pushes her best friend Kort to date a handsome transfer student, college student Allie is left to tackle adulthood on her own. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Lady, la vendedora de rosas","tags":"  Natalia Reyes, Michelle Orozco, Majida Issa, Ernesto Benjumea, Vi\u00f1a Machado, Carlos Mari\u00f1o, Alberto Carde\u00f1o, Fabio Restrepo, Juan Pablo Barrag\u00e1n, Maria Jose Vargas This series tells the life story of Colombian film star Lady Tabares, who was plucked off the mean streets to star in a film and quickly rose to fame. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Lalbaug Parel: Zali Mumbai Sonyachi","tags":" Mahesh Manjrekar Sachin Khedekar, Seema Biswas, Ankush Chaudhari, Satish Kaushik, Siddarth Jadhav, Shashank Shende, Sameer Dharmadhikari, Karan Patel, Veena Jamkar, Kashmira Shah Industrial workers struggle against the greed of their employers and the apathy of the government toward the conditions in which they live and work. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Land Girls","tags":"  Becci Gemmell, Susan Cookson, Mark Benton, Mykola Allen, Sophie Ward, Jo Woodcock, Seline Hizli, Liam Boyle, Danny Webb, Nicholas Shaw, Carolyn Pickles, David Schofield, Summer Strallen, Christine Bottomley Follow the lives, loves, highs and lows of four members of the Women's Land Army who are working at the Hoxley Estate during WWII. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Larceny","tags":" R. Ellis Frazier Dolph Lundgren, Corbin Bernsen, Louis Mandylor, Isaac C. Singleton Jr., Jocelyn Osorio, Eddie J. Fernandez, David Fernandez Jr., Mauricio Mendoza, Steven Dell, Luis Gatica An ex-CIA contractor turned thief is forced to head a CIA gambit to infiltrate a black ops Mexican prison and steal $50 million in drug cartel money. actionaction"},{"title":"Last","tags":"  Kye-sang Yoon, Beom-su Lee, Ye-ji Seo, Won-sang Park, Ye-jin Park, Hyung-jin Gong, Jong-jun Jeong, Se-ha Ahn, Jae-yee Goo, Yong-woo Lee When his big stock plan fails, a hotshot fund manager winds up homeless and must learn the secret ranking system of the street in order to survive. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Last Ferry","tags":" Jaki Bradley Ram\u00f3n O. Torres, Sheldon Best, Myles Clohessy, Larry Owens, Gabriel Sloyer Seeking romance and friendship, a young gay lawyer travels to Fire Island in the off-season and is soon on the run after witnessing a murder. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Last Knights","tags":" Kazuaki Kiriya Clive Owen, Morgan Freeman, Cliff Curtis, Aksel Hennie, Peyman Moaadi, Ayelet Zurer, Shohreh Aghdashloo, Tsuyoshi Ihara, Ahn Sung-kee A nobleman who values his people's well-being over his emperor's edicts is killed. His knights vow revenge. actionaction"},{"title":"Last Night","tags":" Massy Tadjedin Keira Knightley, Sam Worthington, Guillaume Canet, Eva Mendes, Griffin Dunne, Anson Mount, Stephanie Romanov, Scott Adsit, Daniel Eric Gold During an evening apart, married couple Joanna and Michael encounter tempting opportunities to cheat on each other with sexy acquaintances. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Le K Benzema","tags":" Damien Piscarel, Florent Bodin Karim Benzema After a blackmailing scandal and being sidelined from the French national team, Real Madrid forward Karim Benzema tells his side of the story. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Le serment des Hitler","tags":" Emmanuel Amara  This documentary retraces the footsteps of Adolf Hitler's mysterious nephew and explores what became of the Hitler family line. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Leap Year","tags":" Anand Tucker Amy Adams, Matthew Goode, Adam Scott, John Lithgow, Noel O'Donovan, Tony Rohr, Pat Laffan, Alan Devlin, Ian McElhinney, Dominique McElligott Anna chooses February 29 to propose marriage to her boyfriend, but after meeting a charming innkeeper, she must evaluate her original plans. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"LeapFrog: Letter Factory","tags":" Roy Allen Smith Joey Camen, Marie Danielle, Mark Cacciatore, Dave Fennoy, Debi Derryberry In this entertaining installment of the wildly popular early-learning series, Professor Quigley, Leap, Lily and Tad arrive at the magical Letter Factory, where jumbles of sounds are miraculously shaped into letters. familyfamily"},{"title":"Learning Time with Timmy","tags":"  Saskia Portway Colorful characters and edutaining activities help make learning English fun in this series geared toward youngsters. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Lechmi","tags":" B.N. Shajeer Sha Parvathy Ratheesh, Biju Sopanam, Sethulekshmi Amma, Molly Angamaly The spirit of a murdered woman contacts four bachelors, enlisting their help to find her killer. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Left Behind","tags":" Vic Armstrong Nicolas Cage, Chad Michael Murray, Cassi Thomson, Nicky Whelan, Jordin Sparks, Lea Thompson, Gary Grubbs, Quinton Aaron After millions of people on Earth suddenly disappear, a pilot flying a plane stuck at 30,000 feet must find a way to ensure the passengers' survival. action,religion,fantasyaction,religion,fantasy"},{"title":"Legend of the Guardians: The Owls of Ga'Hoole","tags":" Zack Snyder Helen Mirren, Geoffrey Rush, Jim Sturgess, Hugo Weaving, Emily Barclay, Abbie Cornish, Ryan Kwanten, Anthony LaPaglia, Miriam Margolyes, Sam Neill Soren, a barn owl kidnapped from his peaceful forest home, is brought to an orphanage where he must train to become a soldier. familyfamily"},{"title":"Legend of the Naga Pearls","tags":" Yang Lei Darren Wang, Zhang Tianai, Sheng Guansen, Simon Yam, Wang Xun, Zhao Jian, Xing Yu, Hu Bing, He Sui, Luxia Jiang A petty thief teams up with two bickering accomplices to safeguard a powerful relic and save humankind from a tribe of vengeful, winged humanoids. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Legendary Weapons of China","tags":" Chia-Liang Liu Gordon Liu, Chia Yung Liu, Hou Hsiao, Chia-Liang Liu, Tiet Wo Chu, Sheng Fu, Kara Hui Three assassins \u2013 magician Lei Ying, hit man Tieh Hon and kung fu master Ti Tan \u2013 are sent to Yunnan by their clan leader to bring to justice another clan member who betrayed the tribe. action,classic,foreginaction,classic,foregin"},{"title":"Legends of Strength","tags":"  Eugen Sandow, Apollon From a circus entertainer to a grip master, meet the bodybuilding heroes who defied physical limits and redefined the meaning of strength. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Legion","tags":" Scott Stewart Paul Bettany, Lucas Black, Tyrese Gibson, Adrianne Palicki, Charles S. Dutton, Jon Tenney, Kevin Durand, Willa Holland, Kate Walsh, Dennis Quaid, Jeanette Miller, Cameron Harlow, Doug Jones, Josh Stamberg, Yancey Arias A motley crew of apocalypse survivors living at an abandoned truck stop never suspects that the pregnant woman among them is carrying the Messiah. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Lego Friends: Girls on a Mission","tags":" Andrew Tan, Stephen Murray Jasmine St. Clair, Allegra Clark, Rosamund Marks, Faye Mata, Kira Buckland, David Roach, Bradley Venable Five best friends put their teamwork, wits and courage to the test when they take on a mission to protect Heartlake City from bad people. familyfamily"},{"title":"LEGO Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu: Day of the Departed","tags":"   Cole finds himself trapped in Yang's temple after accidentally releasing a host of villainous spirits that the Ninja must defeat. action,familyaction,family"},{"title":"Leo the Lion","tags":" Mario Cambi Daniel Amerman, John Cygan, Matthew Mercer, Amanda Allan, Porter Hansen, Debi Derryberry, Mari Devon, Eileen Galindo, Cole Sand Eschewing the carnivorous ways of his fellow lions, maverick Leo follows a vegetarian diet \u2013 causing the other lions to shun him. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Les Bleus - Une autre histoire de France, 1996-2016","tags":" Pascal Blanchard, Sonia Dauger, David Dietz  This documentary charts 20 years of the French national soccer team, Les Bleus, whose ups and downs have mirrored those of French society. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Let There Be Light","tags":" John Huston Walter Huston Some returning combat veterans suffer scars that are more psychological than physical. This film follows patients and staff during their treatment. classic,documentalclassic,documental"},{"title":"Leyla and Mecnun","tags":" Onur \u00dcnl\u00fc Ali Atay, Melis Birkan, Serkan Keskin, Ahmet M\u00fcmtaz Taylan, Cengiz Bozkurt, Osman Sonant, K\u00f6ksal Eng\u00fcr, Ege Tanman, \u0130\u015ftar G\u00f6kseven Destiny brings Mecnun and Leyla together as newborns, and again years later. Despite unexpected turns in Mecnun's zany life, Leyla remains a constant. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Lez Bomb","tags":" Jenna Laurenzo Jenna Laurenzo, Deirdre O'Connell, Brandon Michael Hall, Kevin Pollak, Elaine Hendrix, Steve Guttenberg, Cloris Leachman, Bruce Dern A young woman's attempt to come out of the closet on Thanksgiving gets complicated when her male roommate shows up to her parents' home unannounced. comedy,lgbtcomedy,lgbt"},{"title":"License to Drill: Louisiana","tags":"   A crew of oil riggers work an off-season job and swap the blistering cold of their native Canada for sunny, Southern comfort in the Big Easy. showshow"},{"title":"Life After Beth","tags":" Jeff Baena Aubrey Plaza, Dane DeHaan, John C. Reilly, Molly Shannon, Cheryl Hines, Paul Reiser, Matthew Gray Gubler, Anna Kendrick, Paul Weitz Following the death of his beloved girlfriend, Beth, Zach is first shattered and then overjoyed when she inexplicably comes back to life. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Life in the Doghouse","tags":" Ron Davis  A couple operates a bustling dog rescue out of their own home, vowing to give a safe space to the neediest pups on the planet \u2013 10,000 and counting. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Life on Location","tags":"  David Attenborough Members of the BBC's \"Life\" production crew go behind the scenes to explain just what it took to capture key sequences of the program. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Life Story","tags":"  David Attenborough This documentary series follows wild creatures in their native habitats as they navigate the perilous journey from birth to adulthood and beyond. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Lifechanger","tags":" Justin McConnell Lora Burke, Jack Foley, Bill Oberst Jr., Elitsa Bako, Sam James White, Rachel Vanduzer, Steve Kasan A shapeshifter has to kill, then inhabit his victims, or die. But as his need for new bodies speeds up, he finally faces down his own mortality. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Lifeline","tags":" Johnnie To Lau Ching Wan, Alex Fong, Carman Lee, Ruby Wong, Raymond Wong Ho-Yin, Damian Lau, Lam Suet, Kenneth Chan Johnnie To's character-centered drama follows a Hong Kong firefighting crew as they take on harrowing rescue missions and navigate personal dilemmas. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Like Arrows","tags":" Kevin Peeples Micah Lynn Hanson, Alan Powell, Elizabeth Becka, Garry Nation, Joseph Callender, Anisa Nyell Johnson, Aowyn Grace Peoples, John Jackson Hunter, Alex Kendrick Over 50 years of their lives, a couple enjoys the blessings and setbacks of parenting, and learns that God has to be at the center of their family. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"Like Water for Chocolate","tags":" Alfonso Arau Marco Leonardi, Lumi Cavazos, Regina Torn\u00e9, Mario Iv\u00e1n Mart\u00ednez, Ada Carrasco, Yareli Arizmendi, Claudette Maill\u00e9, Pilar Aranda When Pedro marries her sister, Tita throws herself into her cooking \u2013 and discovers she can transfer her emotions through the food she prepares. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Lila & Eve","tags":" Charles Stone III Viola Davis, Jennifer Lopez, Andre Royo, Shea Whigham, Aml Ameen, Chris Chalk, Will Brittain, Michole Briana White, Julius Tennon, Gino Vento, Yolonda Ross After each of them loses a child to murder, two women who meet in a support group initiate their own investigation when the police are no help. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Limmy's Show!","tags":"  Brian Limond, Debbie Welsh, Tom Brogan, Raymond Mearns, Kirstin McLean Scottish comic Brian \"Limmy\" Limond headlines this sketch series featuring him in various roles from a TV psychic to costumed adventurer \"Falconhoof.\" foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Lincoln","tags":" Steven Spielberg Daniel Day-Lewis, Sally Field, David Strathairn, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, James Spader, Hal Holbrook, Tommy Lee Jones, Jackie Earle Haley, John Hawkes, Jared Harris, Joseph Cross, Tim Blake Nelson, David Oyelowo, Bruce McGill Director Steven Spielberg takes on the towering legacy of Abraham Lincoln, focusing on his stewardship of the Union during the Civil War years. dramadrama"},{"title":"Lion's Heart","tags":" Karim El Sobky Mohamed Ramadan, Hassan Hosny, Horeya Farghaly, Sayed Rajab, Aida Reyad, Omar Mustafa Metwally, Riham Ayman, Mohsen Mansour, Afaf Rashad, Maher Essam, Sabry Fawwaz, Hamdy Heykal, Sabry Abdel Moniem Kidnapped as a child and raised in the circus, a young lion tamer\u2019s tough side emerges when he gets entangled in an underworld murder mystery. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Little Dragon Maiden","tags":" Hua Shan Leslie Cheung, Jing-Jing Yung, Chen Kuan-tai, Leanne Liu, Tanny Tien Ni Seeking to improve his combat skills, a young man falls in love with a woman with mystical powers, but his past stands in the way of their union. action,foregin,romanceaction,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Little Lunch","tags":"  Flynn Curry, Olivia Deeble, Madison Lu, Ois\u00edn O'Leary, Faith Seci, Joshua Sitch, Heidi Arena Adopting a child's perspective, this show takes a humorous look at what happens during those action-packed 15 minutes of snack time each day. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Little Lunch: The Halloween Horror Story","tags":" Tim Bartley Flynn Curry, Olivia Deeble, Madison Lu, Ois\u00edn O'Leary, Faith Seci, Joshua Sitch, Heidi Arena, Wayne Hope When the class puts on a Halloween play about a boy who leaves behind his friends for a scary new place, it hits too close to home for one student. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Little Lunch: The Nightmare Before Graduation","tags":" Robyn Butler Flynn Curry, Olivia Deeble, Madison Lu, Ois\u00edn O'Leary, Faith Seci, Joshua Sitch, Heidi Arena, Wayne Hope Mrs. Gonsha's students are excited about the end of primary school \u2013 until they discover that a classmate might not move on with them. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Little Men","tags":" Ira Sachs Greg Kinnear, Jennifer Ehle, Paulina Garc\u00eda, Alfred Molina, Michael Barbieri, Theo Taplitz, Talia Balsam, Maliq Johnson, Anthony A. Flamminio, Madison Wright, John Procaccino Jake and Tony become friends when Jake's dad inherits a home above Tony's mother's shop. Friendship is tested when Jake's dad raises the shop's rent. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Little Nicky","tags":" Steve Brill Adam Sandler, Patricia Arquette, Harvey Keitel, Rhys Ifans, Allen Covert, Tommy 'Tiny' Lister, Kevin Nealon, Jon Lovitz, Michael McKean, Quentin Tarantino The devil sends his sweet son Nicky to Earth to bring back his scheming siblings, who have plans to oust dear old dad from power. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Little Sister","tags":" Zach Clark Addison Timlin, Ally Sheedy, Keith Poulson, Peter Hedges, Barbara Crampton, Kristin Slaysman, Molly Plunk A former Goth studying to become a nun finds her faith tested when she returns home to visit her brother, who has been disfigured in the Iraq War. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Liv and Maddie","tags":"  Dove Cameron, Joey Bragg, Tenzing Norgay Trainor, Kali Rocha, Benjamin King After four years in Hollywood as a television star, Liv returns to Wisconsin to discover that either she \u2013 or her family \u2013 has changed. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Lizzie Borden Took an Ax","tags":" Nick Gomez Christina Ricci, Clea DuVall, Gregg Henry, Stephen McHattie, Shawn Doyle, Sara Botsford, Hannah Emily Anderson, Andrea Runge, Billy Campbell, Jennifer Kydd, Kirstin Howell, John Maclaren This made-for-TV drama chronicles the scandal and enduring mystery surrounding Lizzie Borden, who was tried in 1892 for axing her parents to death. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Lo and Behold: Reveries of the Connected World","tags":" Werner Herzog Werner Herzog Filmmaker Werner Herzog presents a history of the internet, starting with its birth in 1969, and ponders the joys and sorrows of its social influence. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Lo que la verdad esconde: El caso Asunta (Operacion Nen\u00fafar)","tags":"   This true crime series investigates newfound evidence and unanswered questions in famous criminal cases, such as the murder of Asunta Basterra Porto. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Lo que la vida me rob\u00f3","tags":"  Angelique Boyer, Sebasti\u00e1n Rulli, Luis Roberto Guzm\u00e1n, Osvaldo Benavides, Daniela Castro, Ana Bertha Esp\u00edn, Gabriela Rivero, Alejandro \u00c1vila, Alejandra Garc\u00eda, Carlos de la Mota, Sergio Sendel, Ferdinando Valencia, Grettell Valdez, Ver\u00f3nica Jaspeado, Margarita Maga\u00f1a, Alexis Ayala, Alejandra Procuna, Juan Carlos Barreto In seaside Aguazul, beautiful Montserrat and her wily mother tangle with lovers, gangsters, financial ruin, obsession \u2013 and murder. action,foregin,romanceaction,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels","tags":" Guy Ritchie Jason Flemyng, Dexter Fletcher, Nick Moran, Jason Statham, Steven Mackintosh, Nicholas Rowe, Nick Marcq, Charles Forbes, Vinnie Jones, Lenny McLean Hoping to make a bundle in a high-stakes poker game, four shiftless lads from London's East End instead find themselves swimming in debt. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Locke","tags":" Steven Knight Tom Hardy, Olivia Colman, Ruth Wilson, Andrew Scott, Ben Daniels, Tom Holland, Bill Milner, Danny Webb, Alice Lowe, Silas Carson Over the space of 90 minutes, Ivan Locke's life spins out of control via a series of phone calls made while he drives down the highway to London. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Lockout","tags":" James Mather, Steve Saint Leger Guy Pearce, Maggie Grace, Joseph Gilgun, Vincent Regan, Lennie James, Peter Stormare, Jacky Ido, Tim Plester, Mark Tankersley, Anne-Solenne Hatte A government agent wrongly accused of a crime gets a shot at freedom if he can engineer a high-risk rescue mission to outer space. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Loco Love","tags":" Fernando Sari\u00f1ana, Jos\u00e9 Luis Guti\u00e9rrez Evan Deverian, Melany Bennet, Jordan T. Wilson, Adan Mart\u00edn Rocha A young man and woman fall in love but are threatened to be torn apart by the tensions between their Latino and Caucasian communities in Arizona. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Logan's Run","tags":" Michael Anderson Michael York, Richard Jordan, Farrah Fawcett, Jenny Agutter, Peter Ustinov, Roscoe Lee Browne, Randolph Roberts, Gary Morgan, Greg Lewis In the 23rd century, inhabitants of a domed city exist in a world filled with life's pleasures \u2013 but no one is allowed to live past the age of 30. action,classic,classicaction,classic,classic"},{"title":"LoliRock","tags":"  Kazumi Evans, Kelly Sheridan, Vincent Tong, Ashleigh Ball, Tabitha St. Germain, Mackenzie Gray, Matt Ellis, James Kirk, Chiara Zanni A teenager with a beautiful voice becomes a pop star but discovers she has powers that come from a magical realm where she's a lost princess. familyfamily"},{"title":"Lolita","tags":" Stanley Kubrick James Mason, Shelley Winters, Peter Sellers, Sue Lyon, Gary Cockrell, Jerry Stovin, Diana Decker, Lois Maxwell, Cec Linder In this black comedy, an English professor marries his landlady to get closer to his forbidden obsession: her teenage daughter. classic,drama,romanceclassic,drama,romance"},{"title":"London Spy","tags":" Jakob Verbruggen Ben Whishaw, Jim Broadbent, Edward Holcroft, Samantha Spiro, Charlotte Rampling, Lorraine Ashbourne, David Hayman, Clarke Peters, Adrian Lester, Harriet Walter When his reclusive-banker lover disappears, a hard-partying young British hedonist plunges into the dangerous world of espionage to find the truth. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Long Time Running","tags":" Jennifer Baichwal, Nicholas de Pencier Gord Downie, Paul Langlois, Gord Sinclair, Rob Baker, Johnny Fay, Justin Trudeau This documentary follows the 2016 tour of beloved rock band The Tragically Hip as they make their way across Canada one last time. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Look Out, Officer","tags":" Sze Yu Lau Stephen Chow, Bill Tung, Stanley Sui-Fan Fung, Vivian Chan, Indra Leech, Amy Yip An officer killed on the job returns to Earth as a ghost to solve his own murder and seek justice with the help of a rookie cop and some funky magic. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Look Who's Back","tags":" David Wnendt Oliver Masucci, Fabian Busch, Christoph Maria Herbst, Katja Riemann, Franziska Wulf, Lars Rudolph, Michael Kessler, Thomas Thieme When Adolf Hitler reawakens at the site of his former bunker 70 years later, he's mistaken for a brilliant comedian and becomes a media phenomenon. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Lorai: Play to Live","tags":" Parambrata Chatterjee Prasenjit Chatterjee, Payel Sarkar, Indrasish Roy, Kanchan Mullick, Kharaj Mukherjee, Gargi Roychowdhury, Deepankar De, Biswajit Chakraborty, Bharat Kaul, Rajat Ganguly Under a government initiative, a retired alcoholic soccer player is sent to establish a soccer team in a politically troubled area. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Los tiempos de Pablo Escobar","tags":" Alessandro Angulo  Featuring never-before-seen images, personal testimonies and more, this is the story of one of the most notorious drug smugglers of all time. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Losing Sight of Shore","tags":" Sarah Moshman  This documentary recounts the feats of the Coxless Crew, a team of four women who rowed from San Francisco to Australia in support of two charities. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Lost Girl","tags":"  Anna Silk, Kris Holden-Ried, Ksenia Solo, Richard Howland, Zoie Palmer, K.C. Collins Discovering she's a succubus who sustains herself by feeding on the sexual energy of humans, seductive Bo sets out on a journey to understand herself. drama,suspense,suspensedrama,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Love Cuisine","tags":"  Lego Lee, Allison Lin, Duncan Chow, Nita Lei, Hank Wu, Calvin Lee, Fu Lei A successful Taiwanese chef moves home from Europe to teach at a cooking school. He soon clashes with a pretty teacher he met under odd circumstances. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Love Dot Com: The Social Experiment","tags":" Charneice Fox Brave Williams, Tobias Truvillion, Kym Whitley, LisaRaye McCoy, Charles Malik Whitfield, W. Ellington Felton, Christopher Williams, Angus Whinfield, Jamie Moreen, Raheem Devaughn Sparks fly and romance blooms when Shelby, a vegan chef, meets Greg, a developer \u2013 until their opposing views clash. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Love In A Puff","tags":" Pang Ho-cheung Miriam Chin Wah Yeung, Shawn Yue, Singh Hartihan Bitto, Yat Ning Chan, Tat-Ming Cheung, Matt Chow, Chui Tien-you, Queenie Chu, Charmaine Fong, Vincent Kok When the Hong Kong government enacts a ban on smoking cigarettes indoors, the new law drives hard-core smokers outside, facilitating a meeting between Cherie, a makeup saleswoman, and Jimmy, an advertising exec. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Love Ni Bhavai","tags":" Saandeep Patel Malhar Thakar, Pratik Gandhi, Aarohi Patel, Maulik Jagdish Nayak, Diana Raval, Roopa Divatia, Aarti Patel Not romantically inclined, a popular radio personality finds herself caught between two diametrically opposed suitors. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Love on Delivery","tags":" Stephen Chow Stephen Chow, Christy Chung, Ng Man-Tat To prove himself to a love interest, a delivery boy learns dubious kung fu from an aging charlatan so he can challenge his archrival to a fight. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Love Rain","tags":"  Keun-suk Jang, Yoon-ah Im, Shi-hoo Kim, Eun-seo Son, In-guk Seo, Bo-ra Hwang, Jin-young Jung, Mi-sook Lee A story of two couples' journey of new love, loss and unexpected reunion spans decades, from the 1970s through present day. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Love Shot","tags":" Steven Fine Dakota Loesch, Amy Tsang, John Kapelos, Cruz Kim, Victor J. Ho, Clint Jung, Daniel Phai, Cindy Chu, Brian Kurtis, Pete Herron A charming hitman questions his profession after learning his next target is the karaoke singer he\u2019s falling in love with. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Love Station","tags":" Ahmad Samir Farag Menna Shalaby, Sherif Salama, Yousra El Lozy, Mona Hala, Edward Fouad, Lotfy Labib, Ashraf Hamdy Single coworkers at a radio station are brought together by mutual friends, but their starry-eyed notions about love may scuttle their romance. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Love You... Love You Not","tags":" Sridhar Jetty Chelsea Islan, Hamish Daud, Miller Khan, Kemal Pahlevi, R.R. Melati Pinaring, Fico Fachriza, Reynold Hamzah, Rizka Dwi Septiana, Arkanda Saezario Wicaksono A love triangle gets complicated when a female English tutor unknowingly gets between a hot-tempered guy and his off-to-the-United States girlfriend. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Love Your Garden","tags":"  Alan Titchmarsh, David Domoney, Frances Tophill, Katie Rushworth Famed horticulturist Alan Titchmarsh hosts this uplifting show in which he and his team travel the U.K. planting dream gardens for deserving citizens. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Love, Rosie","tags":" Christian Ditter Lily Collins, Sam Claflin, Christian Cooke, Jamie Beamish, Suki Waterhouse, Tamsin Egerton, Jaime Winstone, Lorcan Cranitch Over the years, as they come and go in each other's life, childhood pals Rosie and Alex struggle to resolve the lasting, intimate bond between them. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"LoveTrue","tags":" Alma Har'el  In this blend of documentary and dramatization, circumstances test notions of love held by a young stripper, a single-dad surfer and a teen musician. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Loving Annabelle","tags":" Katherine Brooks Erin Kelly, Diane Gaidry, Laura Breckenridge, Michelle Horn, Gustine Fudickar, Ilene Graff, Kevin McCarthy, Markus Flanagan An esteemed young poetry teacher at a Catholic boarding school risks everything when she engages in a feverish affair with a female student. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Loving You","tags":" Johnnie To Lau Ching Wan, Carman Lee, Tsung-Hua To, Chung-wai Lee, Ruby Wong Struggling in a loveless marriage, a hard-drinking, workaholic cop finds a chance at redemption after a fateful incident leaves him wounded. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Lucha: Playing the Impossible","tags":" Ana Quiroga Luciana Aymar Known simply as \"Lucha,\" field hockey player Luciana Aymar shares her tumultuous and triumphant journey to become the best in the world. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Lucky Days","tags":"  Chris Wang, Tammy Chen, Fan Kuang-yao, Chen Bor Jeng, Lin Mei-hsiu, Ma Nien-hsien When laidback Ren, who is about to divorce his money-crazy wife, finds a time-traveling computer, he decides to use it to reboot his marriage. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Lucky: No Time for Love","tags":" Radhika Rao, Vinay Sapru Salman Khan, Sneha Ullal, Mithun Chakraborty, Kader Khan, Navni Parihar, Ravi Baswani, Vikram Gokhale, Mumait Khan During an uprising in Russia's St. Petersburg, teen girl Lucky meets handsome Aditya, the Indian ambassador's son, and together they flee the chaos. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Lupt","tags":" Prabhuraj Javed Jaffrey, Vijay Raaz, Karan Aanand, Niki Walia, Meenakshi Dixit, Rishabh Chaddha, Rishina Kandhari, Kiearra Soni Haunted by disturbing visions, a workaholic takes a vacation with his family, but a detour leads them to an unsettling stranger and chilling events. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Lusers","tags":" Ticoy Rodriguez Carlos Alc\u00e1ntara, Pablo Granados, Felipe Izquierdo, Gaby Espino, Cristi\u00e1n de la Fuente, Marcela Guerty, Claudio Torres Three men from different nations must find their way out of the Amazon jungle \u2013 on foot \u2013 when they get lost on the way to Brazil's World Cup Final. comedy,foregin,sportscomedy,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Ma Chu Ka","tags":" Jayan Vannery Pasupathy, Janani Iyer, Pratap Pothen The relationship between a journalist and a lawyer she meets while investigating a story grows complicated as she uncovers layers of deception. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Maacher Jhol","tags":" Pratim D. Gupta Ritwick Chakraborty, Mamata Shankar, Paoli Dam, Kaya Blocksage, Sauraseni Maitra, Arjun Chakrabarty On his first visit to his home city of Kolkata in 13 years, a Paris-based chef is faced with a cooking challenge that will change his life forever. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Mac & Devin Go to High School","tags":" Dylan C. Brown Snoop Dogg, Wiz Khalifa, Mike Epps, Teairra Mari, Derek Kane, Luenell, Teni Panosian, Paul Iacono, Andy Milonakis, Mystikal Devin Overstreet may be the class valedictorian, but he hasn't had much life experience. Enter Mac Johnson, a 10th-year senior and weed dealer. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Macchli Jal Ki Rani Hai","tags":" Debaloy Dey Swara Bhaskar, Bhanu Uday, Murli Sharma, Deep Raj Rana, Reema Debnath, Hemant Pandey, Saurabh Dubey, Sakha Kalyani After relocating to a different town with her husband, a housewife begins to sense the existence of a mysterious presence in their new house. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Mad Max","tags":" George Miller Mel Gibson, Joanne Samuel, Hugh Keays-Byrne, Steve Bisley, Tim Burns, Roger Ward, Lisa Aldenhoven, Bertrand Cadart In a post-apocalyptic future, a malicious gang murders Max's family as an act of retaliation, forcing Max to hit the open road seeking vengeance. action,classic,classicaction,classic,classic"},{"title":"Mad Men","tags":"  Jon Hamm, Elisabeth Moss, Vincent Kartheiser, January Jones, Christina Hendricks, Aaron Staton, Rich Sommer, John Slattery, Kiernan Shipka, Robert Morse, Michael Gladis, Christopher Stanley, Bryan Batt, Jared Harris, Jessica Par\u00e9, Alison Brie, Jay R. Ferguson, Ben Feldman, Mark Moses, Alexa Alemanni, Julie McNiven Set in 1960s New York City, this award-winning series takes a peek inside an ad agency during an era when the cutthroat business had a glamorous lure. dramadrama"},{"title":"Mad Money","tags":" Callie Khouri, Jesse V. Johnson Diane Keaton, Queen Latifah, Katie Holmes, Ted Danson, Roger Cross, Adam Rothenberg, Stephen Root, Christopher McDonald, Meagen Fay, J.C. MacKenzie, Finesse Mitchell, Eric Keenleyside A woman joins the janitorial staff of the Federal Reserve Bank and conspires with two co-workers to pilfer old money that's scheduled to be destroyed. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mad Ron's Prevues from Hell","tags":" Jim Monaco Nick Pawlow, Jordu Schell, Jay Kushwara, Michael Townsend Wright, Anthony Kelly, Happy Goldsplatt, Ron Roccia, Fred Pomerleau, Joe Amodei, Nicholas Kitsopoulos This collection cherry-picks trailers, forgotten scenes and poster art from 47 gory oldies, including Bay of Blood and The Blood Spattered Bride. classic,suspenseclassic,suspense"},{"title":"Mad World","tags":" Chun Wong Shawn Yue, Eric Tsang, Elaine Jin, Charmaine Fong A stockbroker struggling with bipolar disorder goes to live with his estranged father in a cramped flat, where old resentments bubble to the surface. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Madaari","tags":" Nishikant Kamat Irrfan Khan, Jimmy Shergill, Vishesh Bansal, Tushar Dalvi, Nitish Pandey A bridge under construction collapses in Mumbai, killing a man's family and launching him on a crusade to bring those responsible to justice. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Maddman: The Steve Madden Story","tags":" Ben Patterson Steve Madden This documentary chronicles the rise of the footwear designer behind a billion-dollar empire and his subsequent comeback after a financial scandal. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Madre","tags":" Aaron Burns Daniela Ram\u00edrez, Cristobal Tapia Montt, Aida, Mat\u00edas Bassi, Nicol\u00e1s Dur\u00e1n, Ignacia Allamand Pregnant and overwhelmed, Diana hires a caretaker for her son with severe autism. But she soon begins to fear the new nanny has sinister intentions. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Maggie & Bianca: Fashion Friends","tags":" Iginio Straffi Emanuela Rei, Giorgia Boni, Sergio Ruggeri, Luca Murphy, Federica Corti, Federico Pedroni, Tiffany Zhou, Sergio Melone Originally polar opposites, an American fashion student and the daughter of an industry mogul form an everlasting bond and start a rock band in Milan. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Magi: Adventure of Sinbad","tags":"  Daisuke Ono, Tomokazu Sugita, Takahiro Sakurai, Keiji Fujiwara, Akira Ishida, Katsuyuki Konishi, Yoko Hikasa, Ai Kayano, Takehito Koyasu, Hiroki Touchi The Magi who became High King of the Seven Seas started as a boy determined to make the world a better place. He begins with a dangerous dungeon. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Magic Snowflake","tags":" Luc Vinciguerra Nathan Simony, Beno\u00eet Allemane, Vincent Grass, Jean-Claude Donda, Alexis Tomassian, Pascal Sellem, Evelyne Grandjean, Alice R\u00e9v\u00e9rend, Kylian Trouillard, C\u00e9line Melloul Young Nicolas agrees to do Santa's work for one year. But the stress of the job threatens the boy's sense of joy \u2013 and Christmas itself. familyfamily"},{"title":"Magnetic","tags":" Thierry Donard Tom Barrer, Liam Whaley, Wille Lindberg, Sam Favret, Fabian Bodet, Jamie Lee, Lorenzo Avvenenti, Ross Clarke-Jones Attracted to thrills across the globe, intrepid athletes venture to remote locations in pursuit of their extreme form of bliss. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Magnus","tags":" Benjamin Ree Magnus Carlsen This dramatic documentary explores the life and mind of Magnus Carlsen, the charismatic Norwegian prodigy who became world chess champion. family,documental,foreginfamily,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Mahabharat","tags":" Amaan Khan Amitabh Bachchan, Ajay Devgn, Vidya Balan, Shatrughan Sinha, Sunny Deol, Anil Kapoor, Manoj Bajpayee, Jackie Shroff, Anupam Kher, Deepti Naval Two young brothers encounter a singing bird who treats them to a musical reinterpretation of one of India\u2019s most epic ancient tales. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Maharakshak Devi","tags":"  Umang Jain, Indraneil Sengupta, Rohit Bakshi, Karan Suchak, Shresth Kumar, Ankit Gera, Rushiraj Pawar, Nikita Sharma, Varun Kapoor, Kamalika Guha Thakurta, Sahil Uppal, Charu Asopa After years spent in isolation, a young girl with extraordinary powers returns to human society to battle dark, mythological beings. foregin,action,fantasyforegin,action,fantasy"},{"title":"Maharakshak: Aryan","tags":"  Aakarshan Singh, Vikramjeet Virk, Reena Aggarwal, Khalid Siddiqui, Abigail Jain, Rishabh Jain Shy nerd Aryan learns soon after his 18th birthday that he has inherited superpowers, which he must use to vanquish a variety of evil threats. foregin,action,fantasyforegin,action,fantasy"},{"title":"Mahi Way","tags":"  Pushtii Shakti, Viraf Patel, Siddhant Karnick, Monica Khanna, Amrita Raichand, Suparna Marwah, Mark Farokh Parekh Though worried she's doomed to be single forever, Mahi embraces her vivacious and creative nature while working to tame her inner critic. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Mahjong Heroes","tags":" Li Pei-Chuan Patrick Tse, Betty Ting Pei, Hua Yueh, Chin Siu Ho, Lau Hak-Suen, Kwan Hoi-san In this comedy, characters from all walks of life go head-to-head around the mahjong table in a high-stakes contest of different playing styles. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Mahmut & Meryem","tags":"  Aras Bulut \u0130ynemli, Eva Dedova, Fahreddin Manafov, Melahat Abbasova, Polat Bilgin, Mehmet \u00c7evik, Shamil Suleimanov, \u015eafak Ba\u015fkaya, \u0130lker K\u0131zmaz, Kristina Krepela, Ufuk \u015een In the 16th century, the heir to a Muslim empire embarks on a dangerous journey to find his true love, who was taken away by her Christian father. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya","tags":" David Dhawan Salman Khan, Sushmita Sen, Sohail Khan, Katrina Kaif, Arshad Warsi, Isha Koppikar, Rajpal Yadav, Beena Kak After lying to his girlfriend, orthopedic surgeon Samir must conjure up a pretend wife in this musical comedy. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Maine Pyar Kiya","tags":" Sooraj R. Barjatya Salman Khan, Bhagyashree, Alok Nath, Rajeev Verma, Reema Lagoo, Ajit Vachani, Harish Patel, Deep Dhillon, Pervin Dastur, Mohnish Bahl When the son of a wealthy businessman and the daughter of a struggling engineer fall in love, the young man's parents question the girl's motives. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Mala Kahich Problem Nahi","tags":" Sameer Vidwans Gashmeer Mahajani, Spruha Joshi, Nirmiti Sawant, Vijay Nikam, Satish Alekar, Mangal Kenkre, Kamlesh Sawant, Seema Deshmukh With their relationship running on autopilot, a discontent husband and wife must confront their issues while on a trip with the extended family. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Malicious","tags":" Michael Winnick Bojana Novakovic, Josh Stewart, Delroy Lindo, Melissa Bolona, Yvette Yates, Luke Edwards, Jaqueline Fleming, Ben VanderMey, Presley Richardson, Joy Kate Lawson After receiving a strange present, a professor and his pregnant wife are plagued by tragedy and a paranormal presence that's determined to kill. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Man of Tai Chi","tags":" Keanu Reeves Keanu Reeves, Tiger Chen, Karen Mok, Simon Yam, Qing Ye, Hai Yu, Sam Lee, Iko Uwais In this kung fu tale set in Beijing, a young man armed with incomparable martial arts skills gets embroiled in the world of underground fight clubs. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Man Up","tags":" Ben Palmer Lake Bell, Simon Pegg, Ophelia Lovibond, Olivia Williams, Rory Kinnear, Henry Lloyd-Hughes, Ken Stott, Sharon Horgan, Harriet Walter, Stephen Campbell Moore, Dean-Charles Chapman, Phoebe Waller-Bridge A single woman seizes an opportunity when, while standing under a train station clock, she meets a stranger who mistakes her for his blind date. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mandi","tags":" Shyam Benegal Shabana Azmi, Smita Patil, Naseeruddin Shah, Amrish Puri, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Saeed Jaffrey, Om Puri, Sreela Mazumdar, Neena Gupta Forbidden love, fraying loyalties and flagrant hypocrisy emerge when sanctimonious politicians drive a madam\u2019s brothel from the heart of Hyderabad. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Mandobasar Galpo","tags":" Tathagata Banerjee Paoli Dam, Parambrata Chattopadhyay, Indrasish Roy, Koushik Sen, Biswajit Chakraborty With the assistance of a psychiatrist, an acclaimed filmmaker struggles to come to terms with a mysterious romantic trauma. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Manglehorn","tags":" David Gordon Green Al Pacino, Holly Hunter, Harmony Korine, Chris Messina, Skylar Gasper, Brian D. Mays, Herculano Trevino, Angela Woods A reclusive small-town locksmith who can't stop writing letters to a lost love meets a kindly bank teller who challenges him to look to the future. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Mango Dreams","tags":" John Upchurch Ram Gopal Bajaj, Pankaj Tripathi, Sameer Kochhar Concerned that dementia will soon steal his most cherished memories, a Hindu doctor hires a Mulsim rickshaw driver to take him to his childhood home. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Manhattan Romance","tags":" Tom O'Brien Tom O'Brien, Katherine Waterston, Caitlin Fitzgerald, Gaby Hoffmann, Louis Cancelmi, Zach Grenier A filmmaker working on a documentary about love in modern Manhattan becomes personally entangled in the romantic lives of his subjects. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Manolo: The Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards","tags":" Michael Roberts Manolo Blahnik, Anna Wintour, Andr\u00e9 Leon Talley, Paloma Picasso, Candace Bushnell, Iman, Rihanna, Naomi Campbell, Isaac Mizrahi, Rupert Everett, Sofia Coppola, John Galliano As legendary shoe designer Manolo Blahnik speaks about his creative process, his celebrity admirers chime in with their own takes on his work. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Mansfield Park","tags":" Patricia Rozema Frances O'Connor, Embeth Davidtz, Jonny Lee Miller, Alessandro Nivola, Harold Pinter, Lindsay Duncan, Sheila Gish, James Purefoy, Victoria Hamilton, Hugh Bonneville A poor heroine is sent to live with wealthy relatives in 1800s England, where her wit and writing talent find the room, and circumstance, to grow. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Mantostaan","tags":" Rahat Kazmi Raghuvir Yadav, Veerendra Saxena, Sonal Sehgal, Aaditya Pratap Singh, Rahat Kazmi, Raina Bassnet, Sakshi Bhat Four stories by writer Sadaat Hasan Manto culminate in a single gruesome drama that's set during the partitioning of the Indian subcontinent. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Mantra","tags":" Nicholas Kharkongor Rajat Kapoor, Lushin Dubey, Kalki Koechlin, Shiv Pandit, Adil Hussain, Rohan Joshi, Yuri Suri, Maya Krishna Rao An Indian business owner struggles to keep his company afloat amid global competition while trying to make up for lost time with his family. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Mara","tags":" Clive Tonge Olga Kurylenko, Javier Botet, Mitch Eakins, Lance E. Nichols, Rosie Fellner, Mackenzie Imsand, Dandy Barrett, Craig Conway, Melissa Bolona When criminal psychologist Kate Fuller investigates a man who was seemingly murdered in his sleep by his wife, she uncovers a case like no other. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Marauders","tags":" Steven C. Miller Bruce Willis, Christopher Meloni, Dave Bautista, Adrian Grenier, Johnathon Schaech, Lydia Hull, Tyler Jon Olson, Christopher Rob Bowen, Richie Chance A series of high-stakes thefts at banks owned by a manipulative millionaire sparks an FBI agent to suspect a sinister plan behind the deadly heists. actionaction"},{"title":"Marching Orders","tags":"   A top-ranked college marching band\u2019s members fight to keep their spots, memorize routines, tend to their social lives \u2013 and slay the competition. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Maron","tags":"  Marc Maron, Judd Hirsch, Josh Brener, Nora Zehetner, Andy Kindler Marc Maron stars as Marc Maron, who interviews fellow comedians for his popular podcast, only to reveal more about his own neuroses and relationships. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Maroon","tags":" Pulkit Manav Kaul, Devyani Cm, Saurabh Sachdeva, Sarika Singh, Suneel Sinha, Sumeet Vyas When his wife goes missing, university professor Saurabh remains at home while the police investigate, but his grip on reality loosens as days pass. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Married at First Sight","tags":"  Viviana Coles, Calvin Roberson, Pepper Schwartz Set up by experts, four couples meet at the altar for the first time and test their compatibility after the wedding. show,romanceshow,romance"},{"title":"Mars","tags":" Everardo Gout Jihae, Alberto Ammann, Cl\u00e9mentine Poidatz, Anamaria Marinca, Sammi Rotibi, Nicholas Wittman, Cosima Shaw Fact meets fiction in this docudrama chronicling the journey of a spacecraft crew as it embarks in 2033 on a mission to colonize the red planet. documental,documental,dramadocumental,documental,drama"},{"title":"Martial Arts of Shaolin","tags":" Chia-Liang Liu Jet Li, Jianqiang Hu, Qiuyan Huang, Qingfu Pan, Yu Chenghui, Yu Hai, Jianwen Zhang In ancient China, Zhi Ming trains at the legendary Northern Shaolin temple to avenge the death of his father at the hands of a nefarious magistrate. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Martin Lawrence Live: Runteldat","tags":" David Raynr Martin Lawrence This provocative film sheds light on actor-comedian Martin Lawrence's roots, his rise to fame and his walk on the wild side. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Martin Luther: The Idea that Changed the World","tags":" David Batty Hugh Bonneville This docudrama tells the dramatic story of the monk who took on the Catholic Church, tracing his life before and after the contentious \"95 Theses.\" documental,religiondocumental,religion"},{"title":"Martyrs of Marriage","tags":" Deepika Narayan Bhardwaj  This documentary reveals the cracks in India's anti-dowry act and gives voice to both women and men who've been victimized by the law's abusers. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Marvel's Iron Man & Hulk: Heroes United","tags":" Leo Riley, Eric Radomski Adrian Pasdar, Fred Tatasciore, Dee Bradley Baker, Robin Atkin Downes, David Kaye When scientists join Hulk's gamma energy with Tony Stark's Arc Reactor, the resulting force creates a foe that only the two Marvel heroes can combat. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Mary and the Witch's Flower","tags":" Hiromasa Yonebayashi Ruby Barnhill, Kate Winslet, Jim Broadbent, Ewen Bremner, Lynda Baron, Louis Ashbourne Serkis, Morwenna Banks, Teresa Gallagher, Rasmus Hardiker Ordinary girl Mary picks an extraordinary flower and travels to Endor College, a school for magic. But its foremost teachers have a sinister plan. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Mary Poppins Returns","tags":" Rob Marshall Emily Blunt, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Ben Whishaw, Emily Mortimer, Pixie Davies, Nathanael Saleh, Joel Dawson, Julie Walters, Meryl Streep, Colin Firth, Dick Van Dyke In 1930s London, Michael Banks and his three children get some help turning their topsy-turvy world around when his magical childhood nanny reappears. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Mary Portas: Secret Shopper","tags":"  Mary Portas Retail consultant Mary Portas collaborates with Britain's most complained-about stores to help them better serve fed-up customers. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"Masoom","tags":" Shekhar Kapur Shabana Azmi, Naseeruddin Shah, Saeed Jaffrey, Jugal Hansraj, Urmila Matondkar, Aradhana Srivastav, Tanuja, Supriya Pathak A loving husband and father's joyful family life is rocked to its core upon the discovery that he has a young son borne from a past extramarital affair. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Master","tags":" Ui-seok Jo Byung-hun Lee, Dong-won Gang, Woo-bin Kim, Ji-won Uhm, Dal-su Oh, Kyung Jin, Gang Dong-won Needing hard evidence to convict a company chairman of fraud, an investigator bargains with the company's tech expert to turn over his boss's ledger. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Mater","tags":" Pablo D'Alo Abba Lautaro Perotti, Tamara Kiper, Inda Lavalle, Miriam Odorico, Araceli Dvoskin, Gonzalo Ruiz, Patricio Aranguren, Marina Bellati, Luciana Fuks, Martin Slipak A single man in his 30s overwhelmed by his domineering mother meets a lesbian couple willing to go to extreme lengths to have a child. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Matichya Chuli","tags":" Sudesh Manjrekar, Atul Kale Sudhir Joshi, Vandana Gupte, Ankush Chaudhari, Madhura Velankar, Sanjay Mone, Anand Abhyankar A jealous, possessive mother thinks she is competing with her new daughter-in-law for the affections of her overindulged son. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Max Rose","tags":" Daniel Noah Jerry Lewis, Kerry Bish\u00e9, Illeana Douglas, Rance Howard, Kevin Pollak, Mort Sahl, Dean Stockwell, Lee Weaver, Claire Bloom An aging jazz musician learns after his wife's death that she may have been unfaithful to him decades before. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"May We Chat","tags":" Philip Yung Irene Wan, Peter Mak, Rainky Wai, Heidi Lee, Kabby Hui, Paulyn Sun, Dominic Ho, Au Cheuk-Man A messaging app unites a mute prostitute, an unruly rich girl and a stormy young woman, three Hong Kong teens living in pain and excess. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"May You Prosper","tags":" Hassan Hegazy, Shady Ali Ahmed Rizk, Bosy, Bayoumi Fouad, Mahmoud Ellithy, Hayatem, Hesham Ismail, Tamer Shaltout, Alaa Morsy A man's inability to conquer his personal insecurities and distrust of other people leads to problems with his on-again, off-again wife and their son. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Maya Angelou: And Still I Rise","tags":" Bob Hercules, Rita Coburn Whack Maya Angelou, Cicely Tyson, Common, John Singleton, Alfre Woodard, Oprah Winfrey, Quincy Jones Poet and civil rights activist Maya Angelou is celebrated using her own words set over rare photographs and video illustrating her remarkable life. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Maynard","tags":" Samuel D. Pollard  Friends, family and political titans recall the impact of Atlanta's Maynard Jackson, the first African-American mayor of a major Southern city. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Maza Pati Karodpati","tags":" Sachin Sachin, Supriya Pilgaonkar, Ashok Saraf, Kishori Shahane, Suhas Bhalekar, Manchindra Kamble, Jairam Kulkarni, Nilu Phule, Shubha Khote An orphan girl who has ambitions of marrying a rich man changes her identity to win the heart of a prominent businessman's son. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Me and the Alien","tags":" Jes\u00fas Maga\u00f1a V\u00e1zquez Ines De Tavira, Juan Pablo Campa, Paco de la Fuente, Juan Ugarte, Carlos Arag\u00f3n, Gloria Toba, Jessy Bulbo, Tato Alexander, Fabiola Guajardo, Arturo Carmona Hoping to pump up their sound, a punk band hires Pepe, a keyboardist with Down Syndrome, but tensions erupt when he steals the show with his talent. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Mean Dreams","tags":" Nathan Morlando Bill Paxton, Sophie N\u00e9lisse, Josh Wiggins, Colm Feore, Vickie Papavs, Joe Cobden, Ryan Blakely, George Buza Desperate to start a new life with his girlfriend, a teenage boy steals drug money from her father, who happens to be the town's corrupt lawman. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Mean Streets","tags":" Martin Scorsese Robert De Niro, Harvey Keitel, David Proval, Amy Robinson, Richard Romanus, Cesare Danova, Victor Argo, George Memmoli In New York's Little Italy, a low-level hoodlum wrestles with loyalty to his mobster uncle, his faith and his friendship with an inveterate gambler. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Meditation Park","tags":" Mina Shum Cheng Pei-pei, Tzi Ma, Sandra Oh, Don McKellar, Zak Santiago, Liane Balaban, Alannah Ong, Lillian Lim, Jemmy Chen An elderly immigrant matriarch from Hong Kong finally begins to break out of her shell of isolation when she suspects her husband of infidelity. dramadrama"},{"title":"Medium","tags":" Jacek Koprowicz W\u0142adys\u0142aw Kowalski, Micha\u0142 Bajor, Jerzy Zelnik, Jerzy Stuhr, Gra\u017cyna Szapo\u0142owska, Jerzy Nowak, Ewa Da\u0142kowska, Piotr Machalica, Zygmunt Zintel, Henryk Bista In 1930s Poland, a powerful psychic steers a group of strangers toward a fated convergence that ensures survival for one and annihilation for others. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Meet the Trumps: From Immigrant to President","tags":" Paul Berczeller, Mark Radice  Learn about Donald Trump's family history, including his immigrant grandfather's gold-rush enterprises and his dad's development of a property empire. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Mega Food","tags":"   Visiting the busiest kitchens in the world, this reality series focuses on large-scale food production \u2013 and the people who make it happen. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"MegaTruckers","tags":"   This reality ride-along offers a glimpse into the can-do, high-stakes world of big rig drivers who haul massive loads of cargo across Australia. showshow"},{"title":"Melle","tags":" Binu Ulahhannan Amith Chakalakkal, Thanuja Karthik, Joy Mathew, Joju George, Krishna Prabha, Ambika Mohan, P. Balachandran, Illikkett Namboothiri After recovering from a tragic experience, a young woman makes a journey to her father's homeland and falls in love with a kind-hearted doctor. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Melvin Goes to Dinner","tags":" Bob Odenkirk Michael Blieden, Stephanie Courtney, Annabelle Gurwitch, Matt Price, David Cross, Maura Tierney, Kathleen Roll, Jack Black, Jenna Fischer, Fred Armisen When Melvin and his friends gather for dinner, their casual conversation takes a sharp turn as they begin to disclose raw truths about themselves. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Memoir of a Murderer","tags":" Shin-yeon Won Kyung-gu Seol, Nam-gil Kim, Seol-hyun Kim, Dal-su Oh, Seok-jeong Hwang, In-Gum Jung, Ki-jun Shin, Jin-young Jang, Rina Shin, Hye-yoon Kim Hiding his own murderous past, a man suffering from Alzheimer's must protect his daughter from her boyfriend, who he suspects is also a serial killer. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Memory Games","tags":" Janet Tobias, Claus Wehlisch  Glimpse into the brain's vast potential for memorization through the eyes of four competitive memory athletes as they share techniques and insights. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Men in Black","tags":" Barry Sonnenfeld Tommy Lee Jones, Will Smith, Linda Fiorentino, Vincent D'Onofrio, Rip Torn, Tony Shalhoub, Siobhan Fallon Hogan, Mike Nussbaum, Jon Gries, Sergio Calder\u00f3n A streetwise cop teams with a veteran government agent to work for a super-secret, extremely dapper team that monitors extraterrestrials on Earth. action,comedy,fantasyaction,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Men in Black II","tags":" Barry Sonnenfeld Tommy Lee Jones, Will Smith, Rip Torn, Lara Flynn Boyle, Johnny Knoxville, Rosario Dawson, Tony Shalhoub, Patrick Warburton, Jack Kehler, David Cross Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones reprise their roles as two highly secretive and unofficial government agents dealing with all things evil and alien. action,comedy,fantasyaction,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Menorca","tags":" John Barnard Tammy Gillis, Sheila Campbell, Talia Pura, Dorothy Carroll, Logan Creran, Jason Wishnowski, Aaron Merke, Krystle Snow, Michael O'Sullivan A hedonistic soccer mom takes a voyage of self-discovery when she tries to reconnect with her son by returning his pet rock to a Mediterranean island. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Merantau","tags":" Gareth Evans Iko Uwais, Sisca Jessica, Christine Hakim, Mads Koudal, Yusuf Aulia, Alex Abbad, Yayan Ruhian, Laurent Buson, Donny Alamsyah, Ratna Galih In this fast-paced Indonesian thriller, a young martial arts master travels to Jakarta, where he saves an orphan from a human-trafficking ring. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Merl\u00ed","tags":"  Francesc Orella, David Solans, Candela Ant\u00f3n, Albert Bar\u00f3, Adrian Gr\u00f6sser, Marcos Franz, Pau Poch, J\u00falia Creus, Carlos Cuevas, Elisabet Casanovas, I\u00f1aki Mur, Pau Dur\u00e0, Pere Ponce, Mar del Hoyo, Rub\u00e9n de Eguia, Patr\u00edcia Bargall\u00f3, Assun Planas, Pep Jov\u00e9, Anna Maria Barbany, Marta Marco, Jordi Mart\u00ednez, Vict\u00f2ria Pag\u00e8s, Marta Domingo, Anna Ycobalzeta, Oriol Pla, Pepa L\u00f3pez An unconventional high school philosophy teacher upsets a few parents and staff, romances others and inspires all his pupils, including his gay son. foregin,drama,showforegin,drama,show"},{"title":"Merry Men: The Real Yoruba Demons","tags":" Toka McBaror Ramsey Nouah, Jim Iyke, Ayo Makun, Falz, Richard Mofe-Damijo, Iretiola Doyle, Damilola Adegbite, Rosaline Meurer, Jide Kosoko, Ali Nuhu, Segun Arinze, Francis Duru Four of the richest bachelors in Abuja, Nigeria enjoy a life of fast cars, palatial homes and female attention while concealing their true activities. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Mexico Dise\u00f1a","tags":"   Young fashion designers vie for the chance to become Mexico's next big talent by competing before judges in grueling tests of creativity and stamina. foregin,show,foreginforegin,show,foregin"},{"title":"Mi Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy","tags":" Santosh Manjrekar Sachin Khedekar, Mahesh Manjrekar, Makarand Anaspure, Suchitra Bandekar, Siddharth Jadhav, Priya Bapat, Abhijit Kelkar, Ganesh Yadav, Reema Lagoo, Vidyadhar Joshi After a disgruntled man blames his Marathi heritage for his lack of his success, he is visited by Shivaji, a great medieval Marathi king. comedy,foregin,fantasycomedy,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"MI-5","tags":" Bharat Nalluri Peter Firth, Kit Harington, Jennifer Ehle, Elyes Gabel, Eleanor Matsuura, Tim McInnerny, Lara Pulver, David Harewood, Tuppence Middleton When a terrorist escapes custody, MI-5 director Harry Pearce becomes the scapegoat. But the wily veteran still has some spycraft tricks up his sleeve. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life","tags":" Steve Carr Griffin Gluck, Lauren Graham, Rob Riggle, Thomas Barbusca, Andrew Daly, Adam Pally, Retta, Efren Ramirez, Isabela Moner, Alexa Nisenson, Jacob Hopkins At Hills Village Middle School, budding cartoonist Rafe and best pal Leo challenge their uptight principal by breaking every rule in his handbook. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Midnight Misadventures With Mallika Dua","tags":"  Mallika Dua In this talk show, comedian Mallika Dua serves up big laughs as Shalishka and whips up a meal with her celebrity pals who dish on their diets and lives. foregin,comedy,comedyforegin,comedy,comedy"},{"title":"Midnight Special","tags":" Jeff Nichols Michael Shannon, Joel Edgerton, Kirsten Dunst, Adam Driver, Jaeden Martell, Sam Shepard, Bill Camp, Scott Haze, Paul Sparks When his son exhibits supernatural powers, a father takes the youngster on the run to protect him from government authorities and religious fanatics. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Milk","tags":" Gus Van Sant Sean Penn, Emile Hirsch, Josh Brolin, Diego Luna, James Franco, Alison Pill, Victor Garber, Denis O'Hare, Joseph Cross, Stephen Spinella, Lucas Grabeel, Brandon Boyce Sean Penn stars in this biopic about Harvey Milk, the openly gay San Francisco politician who was murdered by a disgruntled city supervisor in 1978. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Mini Wolf","tags":"   Mini-Wolf and his fun-loving pals friends are always on the look out for a new adventure \u2013 even if it includes a little bit of mischief. familyfamily"},{"title":"Minnaminugu the FireFly","tags":" Anil Thomas Surabhi Lakshmi, Krishnan Balakrishnan, Rebecca Santhosh, Prem Prakash, Archana Padmini A nameless widow juggles multiple jobs to support her daughter\u2019s decision to study abroad, only to discover that she has other plans. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Minute to Win It","tags":"  Apolo Anton Ohno In this game show hosted by Olympian Apolo Anton Ohno, contestants compete by completing 60-second challenges using common household items. showshow"},{"title":"Miracle","tags":" Gavin O'Connor Kurt Russell, Patricia Clarkson, Noah Emmerich, Sean McCann, Kenneth Welsh, Eddie Cahill, Patrick O'Brien Demsey, Michael Mantenuto, Nathan West, Kenneth Mitchell, Sam Skoryna, Billy Schneider, Michael Kopsa, Beverley Breuer, Lisa Marie Caruk, Ryan Walter, Nate Miller, Joseph Cure, Scott Johnson, Eric Peter-Kaiser, Bobby Hanson U.S. hockey coach Herb Brooks unites a motley crew of college athletes and turns them into a force to be reckoned with at the 1980 Winter Olympics. family,drama,sportsfamily,drama,sports"},{"title":"Mirror Mirror","tags":" Tarsem Singh Julia Roberts, Lily Collins, Armie Hammer, Nathan Lane, Mare Winningham, Michael Lerner, Sean Bean, Robert Emms, Danny Woodburn, Martin Klebba, Sebastian Saraceno, Jordan Prentice, Mark Povinelli, Joe Gnoffo, Ronald Lee Clark This remake of the classic Grimm tale follows fair-skinned Snow White on a quest to regain her royal throne with help from a team of shady dwarves. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Mirzya","tags":" Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra Harshvardhan Kapoor, Saiyami Kher, Anuj Choudhry, Art Malik, Om Puri, K.K. Raina, Anjali Patil A modern love story is connected to an ancient folk tale as star-crossed lovers from different social classes are kept apart by their families. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Miss Dynamite","tags":"  Camila Sodi, Iv\u00e1n S\u00e1nchez, Jos\u00e9 Mar\u00eda de Tavira, Hugo Stiglitz, Jos\u00e9 Sefami, Mauricio Isaac, Paulina Gait\u00e1n, Mara Cuevas, Mario Zaragoza, Alejandro Dur\u00e1n, Emilio Savinni, Pakey V\u00e1zquez, Anil\u00fa Pardo, Claudette Maill\u00e9, Rodrigo Murray, Camila Selser, Sa\u00fal Lisazo, Er\u00e9ndira Ibarra Wealthy, beautiful Valentina falls in love, only to realize that her man and her family are involved with one of Mexico's most powerful drug cartels. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Miss Hokusai","tags":" Keiichi Hara Anne Watanabe, Yutaka Matsushige, Gaku Hamada, Kengo Kora, Jun Miho, Shion Shimizu, Michitaka Tsutsui, Ethan Murray, Kevin T. Collins, Barbara Goodson, Cindy Robinson, Mike Pollock, Robbie Daymond, Marc Diraison, Richard Epcar, Erica Lindbeck Herself a talented artist, O-Ei works with her father, Tetsuzo, later known as Hokusai, on the woodblock prints that would make Edo famous worldwide. animeanime"},{"title":"Miss Julie","tags":" Liv Ullmann Jessica Chastain, Colin Farrell, Samantha Morton, Nora McMenamy On a summer night in 1890 Ireland, the unsettled daughter of aristocrats coaxes her father's valet to seduce her, though he's engaged to their cook. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Miss Me This Christmas","tags":" Kenny Young Eva Marcille, Richard Gant, Redaric Williams, Allen Maldonado, Erica Ash, Brely Evans With their divorce set to become final on Christmas day, a couple must decide if they're really ready to throw in the towel on their relationship. romanceromance"},{"title":"Miss Representation","tags":" Jennifer Siebel Newsom  Explore how the mainstream media's often disparaging portrayals of women contribute to the under-representation of females in positions of leadership. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Miss Rose","tags":"  Roy Chiu, Megan Lai, Paul Hsu, Tia Lee, Chunya Chao, Puff Kuo, Blaire Chang Resolving to get married soon, hardworking Si-yi finds love in an unexpected place, but her ex and her job interfere with her plans. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Miss Sharon Jones!","tags":" Barbara Kopple Sharon Jones This uplifting documentary follows R&B singer Sharon Jones's battle with pancreatic cancer while keeping her band intact for a return to the stage. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Miss Stevens","tags":" Julia Hart Lily Rabe, Timoth\u00e9e Chalamet, Lili Reinhart, Anthony Quintal, Oscar Nu\u00f1ez, Rob Huebel Emotionally vulnerable teacher Rachel accompanies three students to a weekend drama competition and forms an unexpected bond with troubled teen Billy. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Mission Control: The Unsung Heroes of Apollo","tags":" David Fairhead  Combining archive footage with present-day interviews, this documentary explores how Apollo's mission control helped change the course of history. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Mission of Honor","tags":" David Blair Iwan Rheon, Milo Gibson, Stefanie Martini, Marcin Doroci\u0144ski, Krystof H\u00e1dek, Christopher Jaciow As Hitler's Nazis threaten to take command of Britain's skies, a squadron of Polish pilots arrives to aid the Royal Air Force against a mutual enemy. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Mission: Destroy Love","tags":" Osman Ali Bront Palarae, Maya Karin, Remy Ishak, Izara Aishah, Azad Jazmin, Dira Abu Zahar, Zarina Zainuddin Two strangers meet by chance on a trip to Thailand and form a connection when they realize their former romantic partners ended up getting together. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mississippi Grind","tags":" Anna Boden, Ryan Fleck Ryan Reynolds, Ben Mendelsohn, Sienna Miller, Analeigh Tipton, Alfre Woodard, James Toback, Robin Weigert A gambler mired in debt thinks another cardsharp may just be his good luck charm as the two head for New Orleans to buy into a high-stakes poker game. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Moh Maya Money","tags":" Munish Bhardwaj Ranvir Shorey, Neha Dhupia, Devendra Chowhan, Ashwath Bhatt, Vidushi Mehra, Anant Raina After investing in a shady deal that quickly falls apart, a morally flexible real estate agent involves his wife in a dangerous recovery plan. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Mohawk","tags":" Ted Geoghegan Kaniehtiio Horn, Eamon Farren, Justin Rain, Ezra Buzzington, Noah Segan, Ian Colletti, Robert Longstreet, Jon Huber, Jack Gwaltney, Sheri Foster, David La Haye During the War of 1812, two Native Americans and their British ally are pursued into enemy territory by American soldiers thirsting for revenge. action,suspense,foreginaction,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Mojave","tags":" William Monahan Garrett Hedlund, Oscar Isaac, Louise Bourgoin, Walton Goggins, Mark Wahlberg, Fran Kranz A lethal game of cat and mouse stretches from the desert to Tinseltown after Hollywood bad boy Thomas runs afoul of a cunning and dangerous drifter. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Mokalik (Mechanic)","tags":" Kunle Afolayan Tooni Afolayan, Ayo Ogunshina, Dayo Akinpelu, Simi Ogunleye, Femi Adebayo, Lateef Adedimeji, Damilola Ogunsi, Rasaq Olayiwola, Ayo Adesanya, Wale Akorede, Toyosi Benjamin, Hamzat Sherifdeen, Samuel Olasehinde A young boy's life shifts when he's sent to work at a mechanic's shop far from his suburban home until an opportunity forces him to make a tough choice. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Molly's Game","tags":" Aaron Sorkin Jessica Chastain, Idris Elba, Kevin Costner, Michael Cera, Jeremy Strong, Chris O'Dowd, J.C. MacKenzie, Brian d'Arcy James, Bill Camp, Graham Greene, Justin Kirk, Brian d\u2019Arcy James Former Olympian Molly Bloom ran a high-stakes poker game for the stars \u2013 until her lofty lifestyle nearly sent her to prison. dramadrama"},{"title":"Momo Salon","tags":"  Lizzy, Jung-min Park, Sang-hee Lee An aspiring hair stylist opens her own salon. It turns into a mail-holding hub for busy neighbors, but she seizes the chance to promote her business. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mona Lisa Smile","tags":" Mike Newell Julia Roberts, Kirsten Dunst, Julia Stiles, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Juliet Stevenson, Dominic West, Ginnifer Goodwin, Topher Grace, John Slattery, Marcia Gay Harden In 1953, the women of Wellesley College are measured by how well they marry \u2013 until the arrival of a professor who threatens to upend the status quo. dramadrama"},{"title":"Money","tags":" Martin Rosete Kellan Lutz, Jess Weixler, Jesse Williams, Jamie Bamber, Luc\u00eda Guerrero, Fredric Lehne Two corporate spies with a $5 million haul for selling secrets are held hostage by a thief, triggering a game of cat and mouse to gain the upper hand. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Money Talks","tags":" Brett Ratner Charlie Sheen, Chris Tucker, Heather Locklear, Paul Sorvino, G\u00e9rard Isma\u00ebl, Damian Chapa, Elise Neal, Michael Wright, Veronica Cartwright TV news reporter James Russell helps put small-time criminal Franklin Hatchett in jail, but turns to protecting Hatchett when he escapes from prison. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Monkey Planet","tags":"  George McGavin Join zoologist Dr. George McGavin for a fascinating, up-close look at the habits and behaviors of primates, our closest animal relatives. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Monkey Up","tags":" Robert Vince Jonathan Mangum, Erin Allin O'Reilly, Kayden Magnuson, Danny Woodburn, Skylar Astin, John Ratzenberger, David Milchard A talking monkey famous for his TV commercials dreams of breaking into real movies. But first he stumbles upon a brother and sister who need his help. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Monopoly (The Bank Of Luck)","tags":" Ahmed El Gendy Mohamed Mamdouh, Mohammed Tharwat, Akram Hosny Seeking revenge on his employer, a lazy bank agent and his two dim-witted friends concoct an elaborate but flawed heist. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Monster Family","tags":" Holger Tappe Celia Imrie, Emily Watson, Catherine Tate, Jason Isaacs, Nick Frost, Jessica Brown Findlay A family\u2019s festive Halloween plans take a spooky turn when an evil witch's curse transforms the costumed clan into actual monsters. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster High 13 Wishes","tags":" Steve Sacks Erin Fitzgerald, Missi Hale, Marcus Griffin, Celeste Henderson, Evan Smith, Cindy Robinson, Julie Maddalena, Cam Clarke, Jonquil Goode It's a new school year at Monster High, and the little sister of Clawdeen Wolf, Howleen, is determined to be more fangtastic than ever. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster High: Boo York, Boo York","tags":" William Lau Karen Strassman, Celeste Henderson, Wendee Lee, TJ Smith, America Young, Rachel Staman, Laura Bailey Cleo is invited to a gala in the big city celebrating a magical comet and brings her best friends along. But the sinister Nefera has other plans. family,musicfamily,music"},{"title":"Monster High: Escape from Skull Shores","tags":" Steve Ball, Andrew Duncan Kate Higgins, Debi Derryberry, Salli Saffioti, Evan Smith, Laura Bailey, Audu Paden, Erin Fitzgerald, Cindy Robinson, Ogie Banks, Cam Clarke A swanky cruise veers off course for Lagoona and her friends when they're left stranded on Skull Shores, an island with a notorious beast. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster High: Freaky Fusion","tags":" William Lau, Sylvain Blais Cam Clarke, Audu Paden, Laura Bailey, Cindy Robinson, Erin Fitzgerald, Kate Higgins, Salli Saffioti, Sue Swan, Haviland Stillwell, Paula Rhodes, America Young, Stephanie Sheh, Josey Montana McCoy When Frankie Stein travels back in time, a teen scientist follows her home into the present and causes a lab accident that creates four new monsters. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster High: Friday Night Frights","tags":" Dustin McKenzie Laura Bailey, Ogie Banks, Cam Clarke, Debi Derryberry, Erin Fitzgerald, Kate Higgins, Julie Maddalena, Audu Paden, Cindy Robinson, Salli Saffioti, Evan Smith, America Young In their bid to win the Skulltimate Roller Maze championship, Monster High loses its star players, Clawd and Deuce, to injury. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster High: Fright On!","tags":" Victor Dal Chele, Alfred Gimeno Kate Higgins, Debi Derryberry, Salli Saffioti, Laura Bailey, Yuri Lowenthal, Audu Paden, Cindy Robinson, Erin Fitzgerald, America Young, Ogie Banks Big changes are afoot at Monster High when administrators announce a merger with two other schools, designed to bring all monsters together. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster High: Frights, Camera, Action!","tags":" William Lau Sue Swan, Kate Higgins, Celeste Henderson, Marcus Griffin, America Young, Karen Strassman, James Horan, Erin Fitzgerald, Laura Bailey, Yeni Alvarez Draculaura is whisked to Transylvania to be crowned vampire queen, but when she learns she's been duped, the search is on for the true royal heir. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster High: Ghouls Rule","tags":" Mike Fetterly, Steve Sacks Laura Bailey, Hank Banks, Cam Clarke, Erin Fitzgerald, Dee Dee Green, Kate Higgins, Andrew Duncan After learning that monsters and \"Normies\" used to spend Halloween together, Frankie Stein and her pals rally both groups for a frightfully good time. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster High: Great Scarrier Reef","tags":" William Lau Larissa Galagher, Kate Higgins, Debi Derryberry, Salli Saffioti, America Young, Evan Smith, Lyndsy Kail, Rachel Staman, Cherami Leigh, Paula Rhodes, Erin Fitzgerald At a Monster High party, Lagoona and pals are sucked into the reef, where she'll have to come to terms with her flaws and confront an old frenemy. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster High: Haunted","tags":" Dan Fraga, William Lau  Hearing that their old school is being haunted, Spectra Vondergeist and her pals head back to Monster High to get to the bottom of the scary spookery. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster High: New Ghoul at School","tags":" Audu Paden, Eric Radomski Kate Higgins, Salli Saffioti, Debi Derryberry, Laura Bailey, Yuri Lowenthal, Audu Paden, Troy Baker, Erin Fitzgerald Insecure new student Frankie Stein struggles to fit in at Monster High, where ultra-cool ghoul Cleo De Nile and hunky monster Deuce rule the roost. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster High: Scaris, City of Frights","tags":" Dustin McKenzie, Andrew Duncan, Audu Paden Laura Bailey, Cam Clarke, Erin Fitzgerald, Dee Dee Green, Celeste Henderson, Kate Higgins, Jonathan Lipow, Julie Maddalena, Dustin McKenzie, Audu Paden When Clawdeen gets a chance to study with a top fashion designer, she and her pals hop on a plane to Scaris, France, the city where screams come true. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster High: Why Do Ghouls Fall in Love?","tags":" Dustin McKenzie, Steve Sacks Laura Bailey, Ogie Banks, Cam Clarke, Debi Derryberry, Erin Fitzgerald, Kate Higgins, Jonathan Lipow, Audu Paden, Cindy Robinson, Salli Saffioti, Evan Smith, America Young Draculaura's ghoulfriends have some suspicions about one of her two persistent suitors \u2013 but can they stop him before he steals her un-beating heart? familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster Math Squad","tags":"  Julie Sype, Cory Doran, Annick Obonsawin, Jenna Warren Max, Lily and Goo love to put their minds together and use their math skills to overcome any obstacle, even ones with two left feet or ten thumbs. familyfamily"},{"title":"Monster-in-Law","tags":" Robert Luketic Jennifer Lopez, Jane Fonda, Michael Vartan, Wanda Sykes, Adam Scott, Monet Mazur, Annie Parisse, Will Arnett, Elaine Stritch, Stephen Dunham An office temp thinks she's found Mr. Right when she starts dating a handsome surgeon. But there's a problem standing in the way of everlasting bliss. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Monty Don's French Gardens","tags":" Rachel Bell  TV personality Monty Don visits France\u2019s most famous gardens to dig up the influence of power, culture and passion on their conceptions and designs. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Monty Don's Italian Gardens","tags":"  Monty Don From horticultural hideaways to luxurious botanical displays, TV personality Monty Don explores the history behind Italy\u2019s most extraordinary gardens. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Moon","tags":" Duncan Jones Sam Rockwell, Kevin Spacey, Dominique McElligott, Rosie Shaw, Adrienne Shaw, Kaya Scodelario, Benedict Wong, Matt Berry, Malcolm Stewart, Robin Chalk As he nears the end of a lonely three-year stint on the moon base Sarang, astronaut Sam Bell begins to hear and see strange things. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Moonlight","tags":" Barry Jenkins Trevante Rhodes, Andr\u00e9 Holland, Janelle Mon\u00e1e, Ashton Sanders, Jharrel Jerome, Alex Hibbert, Jaden Piner, Naomie Harris, Mahershala Ali In a crime-infested Miami neighborhood, a gay African-American boy with a drug-addicted mother grows up with the help of a mentoring drug dealer. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Moonwalkers","tags":" Antoine Bardou-Jacquet Ron Perlman, Rupert Grint, Robert Sheehan, Stephen Campbell Moore, Eric Lampaert, Kevin Bishop, Tom Audenaert, Erika Sainte A brain-addled war vet, a failing band manager and a Stanley Kubrick impersonator help the CIA construct an epic scam by faking the 1969 moon landing. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Moor","tags":" Jami Hameed Sheikh, Samiya Mumtaz, Shaz Khan, Abdul Qadir, Shabbir Rana, Sultan Hussain, Ayaz Samoo, Nayyar Ejaz, Sonia Hussain A railway stationmaster tries to cope with his wife's death, his estrangement from his son and the corrupt world in which he lives. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Morris from America","tags":" Chad Hartigan Markees Christmas, Craig Robinson, Lina Keller, Carla Juri, Jakub Gierszal, Levin Henning, Eva Loebau When his father moves from the U.S. to Heidelberg, Germany, an African American teenager struggles to find his place and pursue his hip-hop dreams. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Mortified Nation","tags":" Michael Mayer  This comic documentary follows the Mortified movement, a series of stage events where adults share awkward childhood moments in front of strangers. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Morya","tags":" Avadhoot Gupte Santosh Juvekar, Chinmay Mandlekar, Pari Telang, S. Joshi, Dilip Prabhavalkar, Ganesh Yadav, Pushkar Shrotri Two communities in Mumbai get a final chance to compete with each other in the celebration of the iconic Ganesh Chaturthi festival. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Motu Patlu: King of Kings","tags":" Suhas Kadav Saurav Chakrabarty, Vinay Pathak Motu and Patlu want to help a circus lion get back to the jungle. On the way, the three become caught up in an exciting adventure in the forest. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Mountain","tags":" Jennifer Peedom  Featuring breathtaking imagery and thought-provoking narration, this film takes viewers to the summits of some of the world\u2019s most amazing mountains. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Movie 43","tags":" Peter Farrelly, Will Graham, Steve Carr, Griffin Dunne, Steve Brill, James Duffy, Jonathan van Tulleken, Elizabeth Banks, Patrik Forsberg, Brett Ratner, Rusty Cundieff, James Gunn Greg Kinnear, Dennis Quaid, Common, Seth MacFarlane, Will Sasso, Hugh Jackman, Kate Winslet, Liev Schreiber, Naomi Watts, Anna Faris, Chris Pratt, J.B. Smoove, Kieran Culkin, Emma Stone, Cathy Cliften, Kristen Bell, Leslie Bibb, Bobby Cannavale, John Hodgman, Justin Long, Jason Sudeikis, Uma Thurman, Phil Crowley, Kate Bosworth, Richard Gere, Jack McBrayer, Aasif Mandvi, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz, Matt Walsh, Patrick Warburton, Gerard Butler, Johnny Knoxville, Seann William Scott, Halle Berry, Stephen Merchant, Terrence Howard, Elizabeth Banks, Josh Duhamel An eye-popping cast stars in this sketch-comedy collage, the new millennium's homage to classic anthology films like The Kentucky Fried Movie. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mr. Church","tags":" Bruce Beresford Eddie Murphy, Britt Robertson, Natascha McElhone, Xavier Samuel, Lucy Fry, Christian Madsen, Natalie Coughlin, Madison Wolfe, Thom Barry, Mckenna Grace A temporary personal chef, a terminally ill single mother and her young daughter form an unlikely bond that redefines the meaning of family. dramadrama"},{"title":"Mr. Deeds","tags":" Steve Brill Adam Sandler, Winona Ryder, Peter Gallagher, Jared Harris, Allen Covert, Erick Avari, John Turturro, Peter Dante, Conchata Ferrell, Steve Buscemi After inheriting a media empire, humble Longfellow Deeds moves to the Big Apple \u2013 where a reporter and a company bigwig are waiting to pounce on him. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Mr. Gaga: A True Story of Love and Dance","tags":" Tomer Heymann Ohad Naharin World-renowned choreographer Ohad Naharin is profiled in this vivid documentary that mixes rehearsal footage with insights about his influence. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Mr. Virgin","tags":" Anthony Chan Olivia Cheng, Alfred Cheung, Hu Chin, Chung Ping Geung, Anglie Leung When a young man ignores a feng shui master\u2019s warning and decides to marry before turning 30, a series of mishaps begins to curse his life. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Mr. Woodcock","tags":" Craig Gillespie Billy Bob Thornton, Seann William Scott, Ethan Suplee, Melissa Sagemiller, Susan Sarandon, Melissa Leo, Bill Macy, Kurt Fuller, Amy Poehler When a self-help author learns that his mother has fallen for his sadistic high school gym teacher, he tries to put a stop to their budding romance. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Mr. Young","tags":"  Brendan Meyer, Matreya Fedor, Gig Morton, Kurt Ostlund, Emily Tennant, Milo Shandel After Adam graduates from college at age 14, he heads back to high school to teach science, where his crush and his best friends are his students! family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Ms. Mammy","tags":" Wael Ihsan Yasmin Abdulaziz, Hassan El Raddad, Ahmed Fouad Selim, Entessar, Hesham Ismail, Badria Tolba, Ghassan Mattar, Eman El-Sayed, Saad El Soghayar, Soleiman Eid, Youssef Eid, Hassan Abdulfattah, Mohamed Lotfy, Hala Fakher A successful advertising agency executive falls asleep on an airplane and wakes up in an alternate universe as a stay-at-home mom with three kids. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Mud","tags":" Jeff Nichols Matthew McConaughey, Reese Witherspoon, Tye Sheridan, Jacob Lofland, Sam Shepard, Ray McKinnon, Sarah Paulson, Michael Shannon, Joe Don Baker, Paul Sparks Two Mississippi teens meet peculiar drifter Mud and get caught up in his web of tall tales about lost love, crimes of passion and bounty hunters. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Mujhse Shaadi Karogi","tags":" David Dhawan Rajpal Yadav, Amrish Puri, Kader Khan, Shashi Kala, Priyanka Chopra, Salman Khan, Akshay Kumar, Satish Shah Samir must overcome a hostile horoscope, a hot temper and a determined rival to win the heart of Rani, the love of his life. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Mune: Guardian of the Moon","tags":" Alexandre Heboyan, Beno\u00eet Philippon Joshua J. Ballard, Nicole Provost, Trevor Devall, Michael Dobson, Jonathan Love, Davey Grant When the old guardian of the moon retires, the mischievous Mune is chosen as his successor, but he worries he's not up to the job. familyfamily"},{"title":"Muppets Most Wanted","tags":" James Bobin Ricky Gervais, Ty Burrell, Tina Fey, Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear, Gonzo, Muppets, Steve Whitmire, Eric Jacobson, Dave Goelz, Bill Barretta, David Rudman, Matt Vogel, Peter Linz In the middle of their global tour, the Muppets inadvertently get mixed up in a perilous drama involving a gang of international jewel thieves. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Murder Party","tags":" Jeremy Saulnier Alex Barnett, Macon Blair, Paul Goldblatt, Stacy Rock, William Lacey, Beau Sia, Skei Saulnier, Chris Sharp, Bill Tangradi A mild-mannered office drone plucks a Halloween party invitation off the street and suddenly finds himself the main event at a \"murder party.\" comedy,classic,suspensecomedy,classic,suspense"},{"title":"Murderous Affairs","tags":"   Mixing interviews with dramatic re-enactments, this series focuses on lethal love affairs and spouses driven to murder. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Mutant Busters","tags":"  Dermot Arrigan, James Giblin, Noah Levin, Molly Malcolm, Colin Morgan, Benjamin Nathan-Serio, Alex Wagner, Joshua Zamrycki After a natural disaster known as the Big Fart leaves Earth divided, only Sheriff and his rebel misfits can protect the planet from a mutant invasion. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Mutiny on the Bounty","tags":" Lewis Milestone, Carol Reed Marlon Brando, Trevor Howard, Richard Harris, Hugh Griffith, Richard Haydn, Tarita Marlon Brando gives a nuanced performance as the aristocratic Lt. Fletcher Christian, an officer aboard the HMS Bounty who leads a mutiny against the ship's tyrannical Capt. Bligh. action,classic,dramaaction,classic,drama"},{"title":"My Babysitter's a Vampire: The Movie","tags":" Bruce McDonald Matthew Knight, Vanessa Morgan, Atticus Mitchell, Cameron Kennedy, Kate Todd, Joe Dinicol, Ella Jonas Farlinger, Ari Cohen, Laura de Carteret, Hrant Alianak When their parents head out for the evening, Ethan and his little sister get the babysitter of their nightmares: a fledgling vampire named Sarah. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"My Brother ... Nikhil","tags":" Onir Juhi Chawla, Sanjay Suri, Victor Banerjee, Lillete Dubey, Purab Kohli, Dipannita Sharma, Gautam Kapoor After being diagnosed HIV-positive, a champion swimmer is disowned and harassed by all except his loving sister and loyal boyfriend. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"My Daddy is in Heaven","tags":" Waymon Boone Jenn Gotzon Chandler, Corbin Bernsen, Lorenzo Lamas, T.C. Stallings, Jill Morrison, Lane Garrison, Jake Jacobson, Lee Benton, Riley St. John, Cricket St. John After the sudden loss of her husband, a mother has a crisis of faith and struggles to keep her life together for the sake of her daughter and herself. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"My Dog is My Guide","tags":" Ismail Farouk Sameh Hussain, Hasan Abdulfattah, Sulayman Id, Ayten Amer, Hassan Hosny Relocated to a new post and struggling to adjust, a police officer further complicates his life by falling for a woman he has little in common with. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"My Entire High School Sinking Into the Sea","tags":" Dash Shaw Jason Schwartzman, Lena Dunham, Reggie Watts, Maya Rudolph, Susan Sarandon, Thomas Jay Ryan, Alex Karpovsky, Louisa Krause, John Cameron Mitchell, Matthew Maher After an earthquake sends their school building drifting into the sea, a group of high-schoolers struggles to survive and overcome clique wars. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"My Ex-Ex","tags":" Nathaniel Warsh Andr\u00e9 Bharti, Katherine Barrell, Ray Galletti, Emily Alatalo, Tamara Duarte, Randal Edwards, Alastair Forbes, Jesse Camacho A recently dumped attorney hires a psychic to help her win back her boyfriend. Things take an unexpected turn when another ex re-enters the picture. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"My Honor Was Loyalty","tags":" Alessandro Pepe Leone Frisa, Paolo Vaccarino, Francesco Migliore, Albrecht Weimer, Giulia Dichiaro, Alessandra Oriti Niosi, Andreas Segeritz Amid the chaos and horror of World War II, a committed German soldier fights a private battle with his own conscience. dramadrama"},{"title":"My Hotter Half","tags":"  Melvin Odoom Couples compete to see who can take the sexiest selfie, with the loser getting a much-needed makeover. foregin,foregin,showforegin,foregin,show"},{"title":"My Life as a Zucchini","tags":" Claude Barras Gaspard Schlatter, Sixtine Murat, Paulin Jaccoud, Michel Vuillermoz, Raul Ribera, Estelle Hennard, Elliot Sanchez, Lou Wick, Brigitte Rosset, Natacha Koutchoumov, Monica Budde, Adrien Barazzone, Will Forte, Nick Offerman, Ellen Page, Amy Sedaris A 9-year-old boy finds his life upended when he's sent to live in an orphanage in this stop-motion animated tale of loss, friendship and young love. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Friendship Games","tags":" Ishi Rudell, Jayson Thiessen Tara Strong, Rebecca Shoichet, Ashleigh Ball, Andrea Libman, Tabitha St. Germain, Cathy Weseluck, Iris Quinn, Nicole Oliver Rainbow Dash, Applejack and friends compete against Crystal Prep Academy and their lead athlete, this world's Twilight Sparkle, in sporting events. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Rainbow Rocks","tags":" Jayson Thiessen, Ishi Rudell Tara Strong, Ashleigh Ball, Andrea Libman, Tabitha St. Germain, Cathy Weseluck, Rebecca Shoichet, Maryke Hendrikse, Kazumi Evans, Diana Kaarina Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Pinkie Pie, Rarity and Fluttershy plan to perform with their new band at the Canterlot High musical showcase. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"My Schoolmate, the Barbarian","tags":" Siu-hung Chung, Wong Jing Nicholas Tse, Stephen Fung, Joey Yung, Samuel Pang, Serena Po, Ken Chung, Hyper BB, Ka Ho Yu, Frankie Chi-Hung Ng, Lai Hing Chan A brainy private school student is transferred to a far less elite institution, where he must fend off classmates who settle scores with fistfights. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"My Scientology Movie","tags":" John Dower Louis Theroux After speaking with former Scientology members and being stonewalled by higher-ups, filmmaker Louis Theroux hires actors to re-create alleged events. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"My Sister's Keeper","tags":" Nick Cassavetes Cameron Diaz, Abigail Breslin, Alec Baldwin, Jason Patric, Sofia Vassilieva, Joan Cusack, Heather Wahlquist, Thomas Dekker, Evan Ellingson, David Thornton A former defense attorney finds herself back in court when she and her husband are sued for medical emancipation by their 11-year-old daughter. dramadrama"},{"title":"My Tattoo Addiction","tags":"  Julian Barratt Ink junkies dig skin deep and share personal stories about their collection of body art. foregin,documentalforegin,documental"},{"title":"My True Friend","tags":" Atsajun Sattakovit Mario Maurer, Natcha Juntapan, Monchanok Saengchaipiangpen, Nawapaiboon Wuthinanon, Kamolned Ruengsri, Sirapop Daongern, Rakchawan Maroukasonti, Poom Rungsrithananon, Patsomtat Sudprasert, Ranee Campen A bullied student forms a bond with the leader of a youth gang and discovers the power and meaning of true friendship. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"My Week with Marilyn","tags":" Simon Curtis Michelle Williams, Kenneth Branagh, Eddie Redmayne, Dominic Cooper, Philip Jackson, Derek Jacobi, Toby Jones, Michael Kitchen, Julia Ormond, Simon Russell Beale, Dougray Scott, Zo\u00eb Wanamaker, Emma Watson, Judi Dench While filming a movie in England, Hollywood icon Marilyn Monroe slips away with a young Brit for a week of self-discovery and frivolity. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Mystery Science Theater 3000","tags":"  Joel Hodgson, Michael J. Nelson, Kevin Murphy, Trace Beaulieu, Jim Mallon, Frank Conniff, Mary Jo Pehl, Bill Corbett, Patrick Brantseg, J. Elvis Weinstein Hosts Joel and Mike and their robot companions offer hilarious running commentary on B movies they're forced to watch in these classic MST3K episodes. comedy,fantasycomedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Mythily Veendum Varunnu","tags":" Sabu Varghese Udhay, Kiran Raj, I.M. Vijayan, Sandhanam, Shivani Bhai, Sangeetha Balan After losing her father, a young woman moves to the city to earn money. When she finds a job at a mysterious bungalow, her worst nightmares come true. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Nacho Libre","tags":" Jared Hess Jack Black, Ana de la Reguera, H\u00e9ctor Jim\u00e9nez, Darius Rose, Moises Arias, Diego Eduardo Gomez, Carlos Maycotte, Richard Montoya, Cesar Gonzalez, Rafael Montalvo When Ignacio learns of an orphanage's financial woes, he pitches in to help \u2013 by disguising himself and joining the professional wrestling circuit. comedy,sportscomedy,sports"},{"title":"Naga The Eternal Yogi","tags":" Krishna Agazzi, Filippo Gastaldi  This documentary examines the naked yoga gurus of India whose devout spiritual practice connects them to the eternal, transcending the material world. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Nails","tags":" Dennis Bartok Leah McNamara, Shauna Macdonald, Steve Wall, Ross Noble, Charlotte Bradley, Richard Foster-King, Dennis Bartok, Robert O'Mahoney, Muireann D'Arcy Recently paralyzed in a devastating car accident, Dana begins to suspect a dark and sinister force may be lurking within her hospital room. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Naledi: A Baby Elephant's Tale","tags":" Ben Bowie, Geoff Luck  Scientists and animal keepers fight to save an orphaned baby elephant at a rescue camp in Botswana while struggling to defend its entire species. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Namak Halaal","tags":" Prakash Mehra Amitabh Bachchan, Shashi Kapoor, Parveen Babi, Smita Patil, Waheeda Rehman, Om Prakash, Ranjeet, Satyendra Kapoor While loyally defending his boss from mobsters trying to kill him, a naive, hotel bellboy discovers the family he never knew he had. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Namour","tags":" Heidi Saman Karim Saleh, Waleed Zuaiter, Nicole Haddad, Mona Hala, Wedad Abdel Aziz Abdou, Lavrenti Lopes, Jessica Lu, Amin El Gamal, Melina Lizette, Tom Lenk, Terry Walters Aimless valet driver Steven Bassem can't find the motivation to get a better job, even when his fractious immigrant family starts falling apart. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Naruto Shippuden : Blood Prison","tags":" Masahiko Murata Junko Takeuchi, Chie Nakamura, Rikiya Koyama, Kazuhiko Inoue, Masaki Terasoma, Mie Sonozaki, Yuichi Nakamura, Kengo Kawanishi, Kosei Hirota, Masako Katsuki Mistakenly accused of an attack on the Fourth Raikage, ninja Naruto is imprisoned in the impenetrable Hozuki Castle and his powers are sealed. action,anime,foreginaction,anime,foregin"},{"title":"Natalia Valdebenito: Gritona","tags":" Natalia Valdebenito Natalia Valdebenito Chile's Natalia Valdebenito hits Santiago's Teatro Caupolic\u00e1n with a one-woman show steeped in irony, a dash of improv and her own personal style. comedycomedy"},{"title":"National Bird","tags":" Sonia Kennebeck  Three former military operatives offer disturbing, firsthand accounts of the deadly impact that U.S. drone warfare has had on civilians overseas. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"National Parks Adventure","tags":" Greg MacGillivray Robert Redford Narrated by Robert Redford, this documentary tours the awe-inspiring landscapes, historic sites and untamed wilderness of America's great parks. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"National Treasure","tags":" Jon Turteltaub Nicolas Cage, Diane Kruger, Justin Bartha, Sean Bean, Jon Voight, Harvey Keitel, Christopher Plummer Modern treasure hunters search for a chest of riches rumored to have been stashed away by George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin. action,familyaction,family"},{"title":"Natsamrat - Asa Nat Hone Nahi","tags":" Mahesh Manjrekar Nana Patekar, Medha Manjrekar, Mrinmayee Deshpande, Sunil Barve, Vikram Gokhale, Neha Pendse A veteran Shakespearean actor steps off the stage and into the painful tragedy of old age, facing ungrateful family and his fleeting legacy. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Natural Born Pranksters","tags":" Roman Atwood, Ben Pluimer Roman Atwood, Vitaly Zdorovetskiy, Dennis Roady The biggest pranksters on YouTube \u2013 VitalyzdTV, Dennis Roady and Roman Atwood \u2013 turn Hollywood into \"Prankwood\" with their most over-the-top stunts. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Natural Selection","tags":" Chad L. Scheifele Mason Dye, Ryan Munzert, Anthony Michael Hall, Amy Carlson, Katherine McNamara, Tyler Elliot Burke, Esther Zynn, Ryan Boudreau As the new kid, a shy high school senior finds himself tormented by all his peers except one. But his new friend has a dark, infectious outlook. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Nature: Animals With Cameras","tags":"  Gordon Buchanan With custom-built cameras attached to their bodies, animals from nine species offer a rare and intimate glimpse into their lives. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"NATURE: Natural Born Hustlers","tags":"  Kevin Draine Sometimes being shady is the only way to survive, a fact these sneaky animal \"hustlers\" \u2013 including orcas, owls and otters \u2013 use to their advantage. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Nature: Raising the Dinosaur Giant","tags":"  David Attenborough Sir David Attenborough examines a recently discovered collection of dinosaur fossils. CGI and 3-D scans reveal what the beast may have looked like. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Nature's Great Events (2009)","tags":"  David Attenborough This series looks at how seasonal changes cause shifting weather patterns and ocean currents, creating the conditions for spectacular wildlife events. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Nature's Great Events: Diaries","tags":"  David Attenborough Look behind the scenes of this wildlife documentary series that examines how animals around the world adapt to chaotic natural phenomena. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Nature's Great Race","tags":"  Liz Bonnin Epic footage captures three of the world's most significant land migrations, following elephants, caribou and zebras on their treacherous journeys. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Nature's Weirdest Events","tags":"  Chris Packham Host Chris Packham examines bizarre natural phenomena from around the globe, from strange creatures to geographical oddities. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Nazi Concentration Camps","tags":" George Stevens  Shocking footage shows Nazi concentration camps after liberation, including Buchenwald and Ohrdruf, where Gen. Eisenhower ordered local Nazis to tour. classic,documentalclassic,documental"},{"title":"Nazi Mega Weapons","tags":"   This documentary series examines Nazi Germany's military hardware, defenses and technology, including fortifications, U-boats and ballistic missiles. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Neruda","tags":" Pablo Larra\u00edn Luis Gnecco, Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal, Mercedes Mor\u00e1n, Emilio Guti\u00e9rrez Caba, Diego Mu\u00f1oz, Alejandro Goic, Pablo Derqui, Marcelo Alonso When a Chilean policeman vows to find and capture leftist poet Pablo Neruda, a game of cat and mouse ensues that tests both their wills. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Never Heard","tags":" Josh Webber Romeo Miller, David Banner, Robin Givens, Karrueche Tran, Dijon Talton, Dorien Wilson, Karen Abercrombie, Kandi Burruss, Brian White, Jackie Long As his father sits behind bars, a young man is lured into Los Angeles' merciless drug world and forced to choose between God and gang life. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"New York Minute","tags":" Dennie Gordon Mary-Kate Olsen, Ashley Olsen, Eugene Levy, Andy Richter, Riley Smith, Jared Padalecki, Drew Pinsky, Darrell Hammond, Andrea Martin, Alannah Ong, Mary Bond Davis, Bob Saget, Jack Osbourne When bickering teenage twins accidentally land in the middle of a criminal operation, they'll have to work together to get themselves out of trouble. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Newtown","tags":" Kim A. Snyder  This intimate portrait sheds light on the trauma experienced and strength displayed by those affected by the 2012 massacre in Newtown, Connecticut. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Next","tags":" Lee Tamahori Nicolas Cage, Julianne Moore, Jessica Biel, Thomas Kretschmann, Tory Kittles, Jos\u00e9 Z\u00fa\u00f1iga, Jim Beaver, Jason Butler Harner, Michael Trucco, Enzo Cilenti Las Vegas magician Cris can see a few minutes into the future and an FBI agent wants his help thwarting a nuclear attack. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Nibunan","tags":" Arun Vaidyanathan Arjun, Prasanna, Varalakshmi Sarathkumar, Sruthi Hariharan, Vaibhav Reddy, Suman, Suhasini, Krishna Sekhar With numbers written on a doll as their only clue, three officers of the law track down a psychotic killer, unearthing dark secrets along the way. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Night Comes On","tags":" Jordana Spiro Dominique Fishback, Tatum Marilyn Hall, Nastashia Fuller, Angel Bismark Curiel, John Earl Jelks, Max Casella, James McDaniel, Cymbal Byrd A teen fresh out of juvenile detention tries to rescue her sister from foster care in order to exact revenge on their father for their mother's murder. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Night Moves","tags":" Kelly Reichardt Jesse Eisenberg, Dakota Fanning, Peter Sarsgaard, Alia Shawkat, Logan Miller, Kai Lennox, Katherine Waterston, James Le Gros A pair of young environmentalists enlist the help of an ex-military explosives expert to carry out a dangerous act of eco-terrorism. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Nightcrawler","tags":" Dan Gilroy Jake Gyllenhaal, Rene Russo, Riz Ahmed, Bill Paxton, Kevin Rahm, Michael Hyatt, Ann Cusack, Marco Rodriguez, Michael Papajohn, Kent Shocknek, James Huang A young hustler finds success trolling the streets of Los Angeles to film disasters and death. But the darkness he captures starts to take hold of him. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Nights in Rodanthe","tags":" George C. Wolfe Richard Gere, Diane Lane, Christopher Meloni, Viola Davis, Becky Ann Baker, Scott Glenn, Linda Molloy, Pablo Schreiber, Mae Whitman, Charlie Tahan When a hurricane hits a coastal North Carolina inn and strands the only guest, surgeon Paul Flanner, a young woman's life changes forever. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Ninja Hattori","tags":"  Junko Hori, Masako Sugaya, Yuko Mita, Kaneta Kimotsuki, Kenichi Ogata, Eiko Yamada, Yuzuru Fujimoto, Yuri Nashiwa, Runa Akiyama, Issei Futamata Elementary school student Kenichi Mitsuba's household gains a surprising new member: Kanzo Hattori, a mischievous but helpful young ninja. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation","tags":"  Jarred Blancard, Mitchell A. Lee Yuen, Dean Choe, Richard Yee, Gabe Khouth, Nicole Parker, Kirby Morrow, Matt Hill, Jason Gray-Stanford, Michael Dobson, Lalainia Lindbjerg, Shishir Inocalla, Fiona Scott, Stephen Mendel, Larry Lam, Geoff Wong Everyone's favorite teenage mutants are back in live action to fight crime with help from a new ninja turtle \u2013 a female named Venus De Milo. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"No Entry","tags":" Anees Bazmee Anil Kapoor, Salman Khan, Fardeen Khan, Bipasha Basu, Lara Dutta, Esha Deol, Celina Jaitly, Boman Irani After a prank goes sideways, three buddies find their relationships  \u2013 with women and each other \u2013 tested in unexpected ways. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"No Estoy Loca","tags":" Nicol\u00e1s L\u00f3pez Paz Bascu\u00f1\u00e1n, Marcial Tagle, Antonia Zegers, Carolina Paulsen, Gabriela Hernandez, Fernanda Urrejola, Luis Pablo Rom\u00e1n, Loreto Aravena, Ariel Levy, Ignacia Allamand, Ram\u00f3n Llao A woman enters a quirky mental health clinic after attempting suicide upon finding out her husband is having an affair with her best friend. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"No Reservations","tags":" Scott Hicks Catherine Zeta-Jones, Aaron Eckhart, Abigail Breslin, Patricia Clarkson, Jenny Wade, Bob Balaban, Br\u00edan F. O'Byrne, Lily Rabe Kate, an uptight chef, finds her life turned upside down when her sister dies in a car accident and she becomes her niece's sole guardian. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Nobel","tags":"  Aksel Hennie, Tuva Novotny, Anders Danielsen Lie, Mads Sj\u00f8g\u00e5rd Pettersen, Danica Curcic, Christian Rubeck, Odd Magnus Williamson, Mattis Herman Nyquist, Hallvard Holmen, Atheer Adel, Mohammad-Ali Behboudi, Ayesha Wolasmal, Ramin Yazdani, Rolf Kristian Larsen, Dennis Storh\u00f8i A series of incidents in Afghanistan set complicated political and personal events in motion for a returning Norwegian Special Forces officer. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Norm of the North: Family Vacation","tags":" Anthony Bell Andrew Toth, Lisa Durupt, Jonathan Holmes, Paul Dobson, Cole Howard, Brian Drummond, Jennifer Cameron Stressed by his duties as king and father, Norm must secretly find his stolen crown while taking his family on a much-needed vacation. familyfamily"},{"title":"Norm of the North: Keys to the Kingdom","tags":" Tim Maltby Andrew Toth, Cole Howard, Maya Kay, Jennifer Cameron, Alan Marriott, Lee Tockar, Brian Drummond When Norm the polar bear is framed for a crime he didn\u2019t commit, his friends step up to help him clear his name. familyfamily"},{"title":"Norm of the North: King Sized Adventure","tags":" Richard Finn, Tim Maltby Alan Marriott, Andrew Toth, Brian Dobson, Cole Howard, Jennifer Cameron, Jonathan Holmes, Lee Tockar, Lisa Durupt, Maya Kay, Michael Dobson Before planning an awesome wedding for his grandfather, a polar bear king must take back a stolen artifact from an evil archaeologist first. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"North & South","tags":"  Daniela Denby-Ashe, Richard Armitage, Tim Pigott-Smith, Sin\u00e9ad Cusack, Lesley Manville, Brendan Coyle, Anna Maxwell Martin, Jo Joyner, Pauline Quirke, Kay Lyon When her father moves his family to an industrial mill town, the parson's daughter, Margaret Hale, struggles to adapt to her harsh new surroundings. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Not Alone","tags":" Kiki Goshay, Jacqueline Monetta  An 18-year-old struggling to understand her best friend's suicide talks to teenagers who have grappled with mental illness and suicidal thoughts. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Bird Brain","tags":"  Craig Sechler Scientists test avian aptitude and challenge concepts of intelligence with examples ranging from puzzle-solving crows to parrots with a sense of time. family,documentalfamily,documental"},{"title":"NOVA: Black Hole Apocalypse","tags":" Rushmore DeNooyer Janna Levin Astrophysicists show how black holes might hold answers to how the universe evolved, leading to life on Earth and, ultimately, the human race. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Building Chernobyl's MegaTomb","tags":" Martin Gorst Eric Meyers Thirty years after Chernobyl\u2019s nuclear disaster, engineers race against time to complete a new dome to contain the reactor\u2019s lethal radiation. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Chinese Chariot Revealed","tags":" Giulia Clark Eric Meyers The chariot dominated Chinese warfare for millennia. Now, a team of experts is building their own and unlocking its many secrets. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Day the Dinosaurs Died","tags":" Sarah Holt Craig Sechler Drilling into the impact crater of the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs, a group of scientists unearths new evidence about the catastrophic event. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Death Dive to Saturn","tags":" Terri Randall Craig Sechler After decades of amazing discoveries, spacecraft Cassini embarks on its final \u2013 and most daring \u2013 mission: a dive below Saturn\u2019s rings. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Decoding the Weather Machine","tags":" Doug Hamilton Jay O. Sanders Scientists investigate Earth\u2019s climate machine, looking for clues across the globe, from Greenland\u2019s ice sheet to the desert of Australia. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Eclipse Over America","tags":" Martin Gorst  Scientists reveal how the 2017 solar eclipse provided new clues into how the sun works, from its scorching atmosphere to its deadly solar storms. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Extreme Animal Weapons","tags":" Peter Fison Doug Averill From huge tusks to giant horns, some animals sport weaponry that\u2019s larger than life. Researchers explain the science behind this biological arms race. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: First Face of America","tags":" Graham Townsley Jay O. Sanders During risky expeditions in an underwater cave, scientists unearth a 13,000-year-old skeleton to gain insight into the earliest known humans in America. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Holocaust Escape Tunnel","tags":" Paula Apsell, Kirk Wolfinger  At a former Nazi execution site in Lithuania, an international team of archaeologists searches for a lost escape tunnel dug by Jewish prisoners. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Killer Floods","tags":"  Craig Sechler Scientists search for evidence left behind by the world\u2019s greatest floods and predict if climate change will cause even greater aquatic disasters. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Killer Hurricanes","tags":" Oliver Twinch Craig Sechler Scientists research the world\u2019s deadliest hurricane, trying to understand what this 18th-century storm could tell us about our own future. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Killer Volcanoes","tags":" Oliver Twinch Craig Sechler Evidence of a mysterious medieval famine leads researchers on a quest for one of the deadliest volcanoes in human history. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Poisoned Water","tags":" Llewellyn M. Smith Joe Morton This documentary details how the water disaster in Flint, Michigan happened, its lasting effects, and the lengthy efforts it took to correct it. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Prediction by the Numbers","tags":" Daniel McCabe Jay O. Sanders With the science of forecasting flourishing, this documentary explores how predictions inform our lives and statistics and algorithms' reliability. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Secrets of the Shining Knight","tags":" Peter Yost Jay O. Sanders A master armorer and his team recreate parts of a knight's medieval armor and test its strength while rediscovering centuries-old metalworking secrets. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: Thai Cave Rescue","tags":" Tom Stubberfield  An international team of rescue workers race to save 12 young soccer players and their coach trapped in a flooded cave in Thailand. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"NOVA: The Impossible Flight","tags":" Noel Dockstader, Quinn Kanaly  Two adventurous pilots attempt to fly around the world without using any fuel, relying only on the power of the sun. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"November Criminals","tags":" Sacha Gervasi Ansel Elgort, Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz, David Strathairn, Catherine Keener, Terry Kinney, Cory Hardrict, Philip Ettinger, Danny Flaherty, Victor Williams, Tessa Albertson Dissatisfied with the police\u2019s progress, a teen and his best friend investigate their classmate's murder, treading down a dark path to the uneasy truth. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Now and Then","tags":" Lesli Linka Glatter Christina Ricci, Rosie O'Donnell, Thora Birch, Melanie Griffith, Gaby Hoffmann, Demi Moore, Ashleigh Aston Moore, Rita Wilson, Janeane Garofalo, Hank Azaria, Bonnie Hunt, Cloris Leachman Waxing nostalgic about the bittersweet passage from childhood to puberty, four childhood girlfriends recall the magical summer of 1970. dramadrama"},{"title":"Now More Than Ever: The History of Chicago","tags":" Peter Pardini Chicago This rockumentary tells the behind-the-scenes story of the Hall-of-Fame band Chicago, from their jazz-rock fusion roots to chart-topping pop hits. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Nowhere Boy","tags":" Sam Taylor-Johnson Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Anne-Marie Duff, Kristin Scott Thomas, David Threlfall, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, David Morrissey, Sam Bell, Ophelia Lovibond, Josh Bolt, Andrew Buchan Raised by his aunt since he was a young boy, charismatic John Lennon is suddenly reunited with his mother, Julia, which ignites a bitter battle. dramadrama"},{"title":"NSU German History X","tags":"  Anna Maria M\u00fche, Albrecht Schuch, Sebastian Urzendowsky, Almila Bagriacik, Tom Schilling, Andr\u00e9 Hennicke, Florian Lukas, Liv Lisa Fries, Sylvester Groth, Florian Stetter, Nina Gummich, Jonas Leonhardi, Ben M\u00fcnchow, Maximilian Jaenisch After German reunification, the neo-Nazi National Socialist Underground begins a killing spree while cops fight an uphill battle to catch them. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Numbered","tags":" Dana Doron, Uriel Sinai  Guided by survivors' testimonies, this documentary explores the history and meaning of the numbers tattooed on the bodies of Auschwitz prisoners. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Numero Zero. The Roots of Italian Rap","tags":" Enrico Bisi  In the '90s, the explosive popularity of hip-hop music in Italy impacts the nation's character while creating a new kind of renegade artist. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan: Demon Capital","tags":"  Jun Fukuyama, Darrel Guilbeau, Eri Kitamura, Grant George, Yui Horie, Cassandra Lee, Hiroki Yasumoto, Kyle Hebert By night, teenage Rikuo becomes a form of demon called yokai, preparing to fulfill his destiny as the head of his legendary yokai clan. anime,actionanime,action"},{"title":"Nurse Jackie","tags":"  Edie Falco, Merritt Wever, Paul Schulze, Peter Facinelli, Stephen Wallem, Eve Best, Dominic Fumusa, Ruby Jerins, Anna Deavere Smith A flawed but dedicated ER nurse works in a New York City hospital and relies on pain meds to get through exhausting days in this Emmy-winning show. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Nurses Who Kill","tags":"   Top medical, criminal and psychological experts analyze the motives and methods of nurses who use their positions to kill rather than heal. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"Nymphomaniac: Volume 1","tags":" Lars von Trier Charlotte Gainsbourg, Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd, Stacy Martin, Shia LaBeouf, Christian Slater, Uma Thurman, Sophie Kennedy Clark, Connie Nielsen A self-diagnosed nymphomaniac reveals a lifetime of sexual experiences to a man who saves her from being beaten in an alley. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Nymphomaniac: Volume II","tags":" Lars von Trier Charlotte Gainsbourg, Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd, Stacy Martin, Shia LaBeouf, Christian Slater, Jamie Bell, Uma Thurman, Willem Dafoe, Mia Goth, Sophie Kennedy Clark, Michael Pas, Stellan Skarsgard The second half of Lars von Trier's epic follows Joe as her reignited sex addiction destroys her family and thrusts her toward a surprising new trade. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Oasis: Supersonic","tags":" Mat Whitecross Oasis, Alan McGee, Paul McGuigan, Liam Gallagher, Noel Gallagher This film details the rise of British rock group Oasis and the creativity and chaos that brothers Noel and Liam Gallagher brought to the iconic band. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Obvious Child","tags":" Gillian Robespierre Jenny Slate, Jake Lacy, Gaby Hoffmann, Gabe Liedman, Polly Draper, Richard Kind, David Cross, Paul Briganti, Stephen Singer, Cindy Cheung, Jennifer Kim, Cyrus McQueen, Emily Tremaine, Ernest Mingione After being fired from her job and dumped by her cheating boyfriend, a comedian has a one-night stand. Weeks later, she finds out she's pregnant. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Oc\u00e9ans","tags":" Jacques Perrin, Jacques Cluzaud Pierce Brosnan, Jacques Perrin, Rie Miyazawa, Lancelot Perrin This documentary examines the vital role water plays in human existence and the cause-and-effect interplay between oceans and the environment. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Occupation","tags":" Luke Sparke Daniel Ewing, Temuera Morrison, Stephanie Jacobsen, Rhiannon Fish, Zachary Garred, Izzy Stephens, Charles Terrier, Charles Mesure, Felix Williamson, Jacqueline McKenzie, Aaron Jeffery, Bruce Spence When aliens take over their small Australian town, a modest group of survivors must unite to fend off their otherworldly intruders. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Ocean's Eleven","tags":" Lewis Milestone Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr., Peter Lawford, Angie Dickinson, Richard Conte, Cesar Romero, Patrice Wymore, Joey Bishop Frank Sinatra leads an all-star cast as Danny Ocean, who decides to knock over a few casinos on the Las Vegas Strip with his buddies. action,classic,comedyaction,classic,comedy"},{"title":"Ocean's Thirteen","tags":" Steven Soderbergh George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Andy Garcia, Don Cheadle, Bernie Mac, Ellen Barkin, Al Pacino, Casey Affleck, Scott Caan This entry in the all-star caper franchise finds debonair con man Danny Ocean and his gang taking revenge on a double-crossing Las Vegas kingpin. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Ocean's Twelve","tags":" Steven Soderbergh George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Andy Garcia, Don Cheadle, Bernie Mac, Julia Roberts, Casey Affleck, Scott Caan Danny Ocean reunites with his old flame and the rest of his merry band of thieves in a caper covering three huge heists in Rome, Paris and Amsterdam. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"OCTB","tags":"  Jordan Chan, Justin Cheung, Kwok-Kwan Chan, Sam Lee, Alan Kuo, Ken Wong, Samuel Pang, Rose Chan, Hugo Ng, Ng Man-Tat, Chen Yating, Michael Wai-Man Chan, Philip Chan, Ben Ng An undercover detective crosses paths with familiar faces in the mafia underworld during the final years of Britain's ruling of Hong Kong. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Off Course","tags":" Nacho G. Velilla Yon Gonz\u00e1lez, Juli\u00e1n L\u00f3pez, Blanca Su\u00e1rez, Malena Alterio, \u00darsula Corber\u00f3, Miki Esparb\u00e9, Younes Bachir, Javier C\u00e1mara, Carmen Machi, Jos\u00e9 Sacrist\u00e1n Fed up with the uselessness of their degrees and swayed by a TV commercial, two Spaniards head to Berlin for work but find it not quite as advertised. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Officer Downe","tags":" Shawn Crahan Kim Coates, Tyler Ross, Lauren V\u00e9lez, Reno Wilson, Bruno Gunn, Tracy Vilar, Sona Eyambe, Corey Taylor, Meadow Williams Fallen Los Angeles police officer Terrence Downe finds new life as a secret weapon: a scientifically altered super-cop with unlimited lives. actionaction"},{"title":"Oh My Ghost 2","tags":" Poj Arnon Kohtee Aramboy, Yingsak Chonglertjetsadawong, Jaturong Mokjok, Apaporn Nakornsawan, Pharanyu Rojanawuthitham, Wiradit Srimalai, Ekkachai Srivichai, Chaiwat Thongsaeng, Kachapa Toncharoen The spirited trio are back to take on a new ghost-busting adventure at a mens' residence, where spooky secrets lurk around every corner. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Oh My Ghost 3","tags":" Poj Arnon Kohtee Aramboy, Yingsak Chonglertjetsadawong, Jaturong Mokjok, Waraphat Phatsathit, Wiradit Srimalai, Ekkachai Srivichai, Varuth Waratham, Butsarin Yokpraipan After a body is discovered in their building, a vengeful, paranormal presence begins to affect Taew, Mod Dum and Cartoon's business. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Oh No! It's an Alien Invasion","tags":"  Al Mukadam, Dan Chameroy, Se\u00e1n Cullen, Stacey DePass, Barbara Mamabolo, Robert Tinkler, Ryan Cooley, Brianna Daguanno Nate and his Super Wicked Extreme Emergency Team \u2013  S.W.E.E.T. \u2013 take on alien invaders who have captured all the world's grownups. family,action,fantasyfamily,action,fantasy"},{"title":"Oklahoma City","tags":" Barak Goodman  Domestic terrorist Timothy McVeigh's bomb attack on an Oklahoma City federal building in 1995 is chronicled in this examination of the shocking event. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Oliver Stone's Untold History of the United States","tags":" Oliver Stone Oliver Stone This documentary series offers an alternative take on modern American history, focusing on underreported events that shaped the nation's character. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Ollie & Moon","tags":"  Mattea Conforti, Kobi Frumer Two quirky cats, Ollie and Moon, and their friend Stanley the snail travel the world, solving everyday problems and learning about different cultures. familyfamily"},{"title":"Omar and Salma 3","tags":" Mohamed Samy Tamer Hosny, Mai Ezzidine, Ezzat Abou Aouf, Lamitta Frangieh In this second sequel of the trilogy, marital strife brews as Omar pursues a music career despite Salma\u2019s wishes that he opt for a more stable job. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"On the Wrong Track","tags":" Clarence Yiu-leung Fok Andy Lau, Yim Chau-wah, Wai Yee Chan, Prudence Liew, Poon Wang Ban, Hua Yueh, Wong Kung-miu Two rebellious, hot-headed teenage brothers get caught up in gang life, which has dangerous repercussions for their family and friends. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"On Yoga The Architecture of Peace","tags":" Heitor Dhalia Michael O\u2019Neill Based on photographer Michael O\u2019Neill\u2019s book of the same name, this documentary traces the author\u2019s 10-year journey through the landscape of yoga. documental,religiondocumental,religion"},{"title":"Onaatah","tags":" Pradip Kurbah Sweety Pala, Merlvin Mukhim, Richard Kharpuri, Enshon Lamare, Mary Nonghuloo, Destina Mawrie, Anvil Laloo, Tashneem Lyngdoh Seeking to heal after a traumatic assault, a young woman retreats to a small village by the hills, where she finds hope, love and new purpose. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Once In A Lifetime Sessions with Moby","tags":" Matt Askem Moby, Alex Cohen Through performances and interviews, musician Moby opens up about his unusual childhood, his heroes and the stories behind his songs. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Once In A Lifetime Sessions with Nile Rodgers","tags":" Charlie Lightening Nile Rodgers The career of rhythm guitarist and Chic founder Nile Rodgers is chronicled in this musical blend of documentary and original concert performance. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Once In A Lifetime Sessions with Noel Gallagher","tags":" Charlie Lightening Noel Gallagher Between scenes from an intimate performance, the Oasis legend reflects on his road to stardom and offers insights on his creative process. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Once In A Lifetime Sessions with TLC","tags":" Matt Askem  One of the most successful female groups in music history, TLC performs in concert while taking a look back at their tumultuous history. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Once Upon a Time in London","tags":" Simon Rumley Leo Gregory, Terry Stone, Doug Allen, Andy Beckwith, Kate Braithwaite, Holly Earl, Joe Egan, Nadia Forde Organized crime came to London in the 1930s, ushering in three decades ruled by two legendary gangsters whose legacy outlived their reign. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Once Upon a Time in the West","tags":" Sergio Leone Henry Fonda, Charles Bronson, Claudia Cardinale, Jason Robards, Gabriele Ferzetti, Paolo Stoppa, Woody Strode, Jack Elam, Keenan Wynn, Frank Wolff, Lionel Stander In this epic spaghetti Western, a flinty gunslinger is hired by a railroad tycoon to kill anyone standing in the way of his trans-American iron horse. action,classic,foreginaction,classic,foregin"},{"title":"One Day","tags":" Banjong Pisanthanakun Chantavit Dhanasevi, Nittha Jirayungyurn, Theerapat Sajakul, Prim Bulakul, Kris Srepoomseth, Somyos Matures, Sutthatip Wutichaipradit, Rermthon Kemapech, Kaz Sawamura When his colleague (and crush) temporarily loses her memory, an overlooked geek seizes the chance to make an impression before she remembers again. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"One Direction: This Is Us","tags":" Morgan Spurlock Harry Styles, Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Louis Tomlinson, Liam Payne Award-winning documentarian Morgan Spurlock turns his camera on boy band phenomenon One Direction in this combination concert film and backstage pass. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"One Heart: The A.R. Rahman Concert Film","tags":"  A.R. Rahman In this concert film, Indian musical maestro A.R. Rahman performs 15 of his most popular songs and reveals himself through interviews and clips. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"One Last Thing","tags":" Tim Rouhana Wendell Pierce, Jurnee Smollett-Bell, Joanne Froggatt, April Billingsley, Elizabeth Ludlow, David Kronawitter, Adora Dei, Eric Mendenhall, Ed Amatrudo, Kate Kovach After 25 years of searching, a lonely dentist finds his long-lost daughter but learns that she suffers from a rare medical condition. dramadrama"},{"title":"One More Shot","tags":" Noah Moskin  Infertility affects millions. One couple copes with the assisted reproduction process by documenting its pain, disappointment and potential joy. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"One Night Stand","tags":" Jasmine D'Souza Tanuj Virwani, Sunny Leone, Narendra Jetley, Aamir Ahmed, Kapil Punjabi, Madhurima Banerjee, Ninad Kamat, Geeta Bisht An obsession with a woman with whom he had a one-night stand brings disharmony into a man's life and destroys his peace of mind. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"One Strange Rock","tags":"  Will Smith Hosted by Will Smith, this series follows eight astronauts who share their unique perspectives on Earth, the fragile and beautiful planet we call home. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"Only God Forgives","tags":" Nicolas Winding Refn Ryan Gosling, Kristin Scott Thomas, Vithaya Pansringarm, Gordon Brown, Yayaying Rhatha Phongam, Tom Burke, Sahajak Boonthanakit, Pitchawat Petchayahon, Charlie Ruedpokanon, Kowit Wattanakul, Wannisa Peungpa, Narucha Chaimareung When a cop kills the brother of an expat American gangster who runs a Bangkok fight club, his crime-boss mother flies in to supervise revenge. classic,foregin,suspenseclassic,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Only the Dead","tags":" Bill Guttentag, Michael Ware Michael Ware Given unprecedented access to soldiers and terrorists alike, journalist Michael Ware presents an epic, uncensored, intimate account of the Iraq War. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Open Season","tags":" Roger Allers, Jill Culton Martin Lawrence, Ashton Kutcher, Gary Sinise, Debra Messing, Billy Connolly, Georgia Engel, Jon Favreau, Jane Krakowski, Gordon Tootoosis, Patrick Warburton After saving a deer from a hunter's clutches, a domesticated grizzly finds himself relocated to the wild \u2013 and unprepared for the real world. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Operation Chromite","tags":" John H. Lee Jung-jae Lee, Beom-su Lee, Liam Neeson, Se-yeon Jin, Jun-ho Jeong, Cheol-min Park To pave the way for a major amphibious invasion, a team of South Korean spies goes behind enemy lines to steal a map of North Korean coastal defenses. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Operation Gold Rush","tags":"  Dan Snow, Felicity Ashton, Kevin Fong, Alisdair Simpson A team of modern-day adventurers follows the footsteps of the money-hungry explorers who trekked the Klondike in search of Canadian gold. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Operation Mekong","tags":" Dante Lam Eddie Peng, Zhang Hanyu, Carl Ng, Ken Lo, Pawarith Monkolpisit, Jonathan Wu In a dangerous area of the Mekong River, a drug raid ending in 13 deaths arouses the suspicions of a narcotics officer who sets out to find the truth. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Operation Ouch!","tags":"  Chris van Tulleken, Xand van Tulleken Drs. Chris and Xand van Tulleken take an entertaining approach to educate children about medicine and biology through experiments and hospital visits. foregin,family,comedyforegin,family,comedy"},{"title":"Operation Proposal","tags":"  Seung-ho Yoo, Eun-bin Park, Kyung-pyo Go, Ye-won Kim, Hyun Jin Lee, Jin-joo Park On Yi-seul's wedding day, her friend Baek-ho wishes he could turn back time to tell her he loves her. Soon he gets a chance to change everything. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Operation Red Sea","tags":" Dante Lam Zhang Yi, Johnny Huang, Hai Qing, Du Jiang, Zhang Hanyu, Henry Prince Mak, Luxia Jiang, Yin Fang, Wang Yutian, Guo Jiahao A special task force takes on a risky operation to evacuate civilians amid civil war. Based on the 2015 mission to rescue Chinese citizens in Yemen. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Operator","tags":" Logan Kibens Martin Starr, Mae Whitman, Nat Faxon, Cameron Esposito, Retta, Christine Lahti, Kate Cobb, Kristopher Lofton, Tim Hopper, Trevor Dawkins When a programmer uses his wife's sympathetic voice for his company's customer service app, he starts to rely more on her idealized self than her. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Opium and the Kung Fu Master","tags":" Chia Tang Lung Ti, Te-Lo Mai, Leanne Liu, Kuan Tai Chen, Phillip Ko, Kuan-chung Ku, Kwok Kuen Chan, Hoi Sang Lee, Tau Wan Yue, Chia Tang, Shen Chan Leader of the Ten Kwangtung Tigers, Tieh Chiao-san works with his kung fu students to protect his village from crime. But when an opium dealer starts to ruin the town, Tieh Chiao-san struggles to fight back, thanks to his growing opium addiction. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Origins Collection","tags":" Peter McDonnell  This documentary series explores the stories behind history's most fascinating innovations, including games, technology, sports, medicine and more. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Oru Vishsheshapetta Biryani Kissa","tags":" Kiran Narayanan Nedumudi Venu, V.K. Sriraman, Lena, Sunil Sukhada, Mammukoya, Joju George, Bhagath Baby Manuel, Sasi Kalinga When the village's biryani cook unexpectedly passes, a widow steps up to the plate and takes on new delectable challenges. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"OtherLife","tags":" Ben C. Lucas Jessica De Gouw, T.J. Power, Thomas Cocquerel, Liam Graham, Clarence John Ryan, Maggie Meyer, Tiriel Mora, Priscilla-Anne Forder, Adriane Daff, Ian Toyne After inventing a drug that induces time-compressed virtual realities, young Ren grapples with partner Sam over how to use their powerful creation. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Ottaal","tags":" Jayaraj Rajasekharan Nair Ashanth K. Shah, Kumarakom Vasudevan, Shine Tom Chacko, Sabitha Jayaraj, Thomas J. Kannampuzha Young orphan Kuttappayi goes to live with his grandfather in the country, but his new life takes a hard turn when his grandfather's health fails. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Our Godfather","tags":" Mark Franchetti, Andrew Meier Tommaso Buscetta In 1986, Tommaso Buscetta became the first top-level Mafia boss ever to testify against the mob. It cost him and his family everything. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Our House","tags":" Anthony Scott Burns Thomas Mann, Nicola Peltz, Percy Hynes White, Kate Moyer, Carlyn Burchell, John Ralston, Christine Horne, Allison Hossack, Lucius Hoyos, Marcia Bennett A young man invents a device he hopes will generate wireless energy, but instead, it proves to spark sinister, supernatural activity in his home. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Our Shining Days","tags":"  Lulu Xu, Yuchang Peng, Mingjie Luo, Yongxi Liu, Zhongyu Han, Zhaohua Lu In a battle of the bands, a percussions student and her musical kindred spirits set out to prove the merits of Chinese folk against the Western canon. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Outlawed","tags":" Adam Collins, Luke Radford Adam Collins, Jessica Norris, Ian Hitchens, Steven Blades, Zara Phythian, Anthony Burrows, Andy Calderwood, Emmeline Kellie, Andre Squire, Ollie Christie After a failed mission, an ex-Royal Marines Commando tries to overcome his demons while investigating the death of his ex-girlfriend's father. actionaction"},{"title":"P","tags":" Paul Spurrier Suangporn Jaturaphut, Opal, Dor Yodrak, Pisamai Pakdeevijit, Manthana Wannarod, Supatra Roongsawang, Narisara Sairatanee, Amy Siriya An orphan girl taught magic by her sick grandma must find work in seedy Bangkok, where unsavory characters run afoul of her increasingly dark powers. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"P Se PM Tak","tags":" Kundan Shah Meenakshi Dixit, Indrajeet Soni, Bharat Jadhav, Yashpal Sharma, Anjan Srivastav, Deepak Shirke, Akhilendra Mishra, Mushtaq Khan, Aanand Kale A prostitute who is down on her luck gets caught in the middle of an elaborate scheme orchestrated by two local politicians. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"P. King Duckling","tags":"  Marc Thompson, Benjie Randall, Courtney Shaw P. King, the daring but hapless duck, teams up with best buddies Wombat and Chumpkins to find wacky and wild ways to solve their problems. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"P.S. I Love You","tags":" Richard LaGravenese Hilary Swank, Gerard Butler, Lisa Kudrow, Gina Gershon, James Marsters, Kathy Bates, Harry Connick Jr., Nellie McKay, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Dean Winters When she loses her beloved husband to a brain tumor, grieving widow Holly Kennedy learns that he left a series of letters behind to help her cope. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Paathi","tags":" Chandran Narikode Indrans, Joy Mathew, Kalabhavan Shajohn, Sasi Kalinga, Santhosh Keezhattoor, Valsala Menon, Seema G. Nair, Parvathi T A face painter for Theyyam rituals who is himself disfigured conceals his guilt over the fact that he performs abortions as a medical practitioner. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Pablo Escobar: Angel or Demon?","tags":" Jorge Granier  This documentary traces the steps of druglord Pablo Escobar with vivid eyewitness accounts that reconstruct his bloody reign in Colombia. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Pacific Heat","tags":"  Rob Sitch, Santo Cilauro, Tom Gleisner, Rebecca Massey, Lucia Mastrantone In this animated satire, a covert squad of operatives short on smarts but long on confidence tackles crime on the glitzy Gold Coast of Australia. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Pahuyut Fighting Beat","tags":" Piti Jaturaphat Nattanun Jantarawetch, David Bueno, Peerawat Herabat, Andrew Koji, Nahatai Lekbumrung, Lex Luther, Tim Man, Micky Nowacki, Sura Sankum, Amornrit Sriphung When profit-seekers threaten to take over a bar in a tourist town, local martial artists put their skills to the test and fight back. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Paid in Full","tags":" Charles Stone III Wood Harris, Mekhi Phifer, Kevin Carroll, Esai Morales, Chi McBride, Cam'ron, Remo Greene, Cynthia Martells, Elise Neal, Regina Hall, Joyce Walker This fictionalized account of three real-life notorious Harlem drug dealers is told in flashbacks as they plunge into the world of hustling. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Paint It Black","tags":" Amber Tamblyn Alia Shawkat, Janet McTeer, Rhys Wakefield, Alfred Molina, Emily Rios, Nancy Kwan, John Roberts, Annabelle Attanasio, Ken Davitian In the wake of a young artist\u2019s suicide, his pianist mother and his despairing girlfriend square off in a living nightmare beset by guilt and blame. dramadrama"},{"title":"Painted Faces","tags":" Alex Law Sammo Kam-Bo Hung, Ching-Ying Lam, Cheng Pei-pei In this dramatized rendition, students undergo rigorous study at Master Yu's Peking Opera school, a cradle for future Hong Kong film stars. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Pajanimals","tags":"  John Kennedy, Victor Yerrid, Donna Kimball, Alice Dinnean, Paul Currie, Michael Winsor, Josh Elwell, Sarah Lyle From the comfort of their bedroom, the Pajanimals puppets explore a larger world through imaginary adventures, accompanied by friendships and songs. familyfamily"},{"title":"Palio","tags":" Cosima Spender  In this documentary, a centuries-old horse race in the city of Siena, Italy, is the forum for a showdown between a young jockey and his former mentor. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Palm Trees in the Snow","tags":" Fernando Gonz\u00e1lez Molina Mario Casas, Adriana Ugarte, Macarena Garc\u00eda, Alain Hern\u00e1ndez, Laia Costa, Emilio Guti\u00e9rrez Caba, Berta V\u00e1zquez, Daniel Grao Finding a tantalizing clue in an old letter, a young woman journeys to her family's tropical plantation to uncover generations of secrets. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Panic Room","tags":" David Fincher Jodie Foster, Forest Whitaker, Dwight Yoakam, Jared Leto, Kristen Stewart, Ann Magnuson, Ian Buchanan, Patrick Bauchau, Paul Schulze A woman and her daughter are caught in a game of cat-and-mouse with burglars in their New York City home and are forced to retreat inside a vault. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Papa the Great","tags":" Bhagyaraj Krishan Kumar, Nagma, Satya Prakash, Master Bobby, Satish Kaushik, Laxmikant Berde, Mahavir Shah, Anil Dhawan, Shama Deshpande, Shatrughan Sinha After witnessing a murder, a meek family man must summon his courage when he finds himself on the wrong side of a notorious gangster. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Paper Year","tags":" Rebecca Addelman Hamish Linklater, Eve Hewson, Avan Jogia, Andie MacDowell A young newlywed tries to keep her relationship afloat after developing feelings for her older, TV writer boss. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Paranormal Activity","tags":" Oren Peli Katie Featherston, Randy McDowell, Amber Armstrong, Mark Fredrichs, Micah Sloat, Ashley Palmer, James Piper When Katie and Micah fear their home may be haunted by a demonic presence, Micah sets up a video camera to document all the action. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Paranormal Survivor","tags":"   In interviews and reenactments, ordinary people relive their terrifying encounters with unwelcome guests from beyond the world of the living. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Pardes","tags":" Subhash Ghai Shah Rukh Khan, Amrish Puri, Mahima Chaudhry, Apoorva Agnihotri, Alok Nath, Himani Shivpuri, Padmavati Rao, Madhuri Bhatia, Dina Pathak, Benu Kalsi, Anand Balraj, Ajay Nagrath, Deepak Qazir, Shashi Sharma, Smita Jaykar, Pavan Malhotra, Aditya Narayan, Subhash Ghai Prompted by loyalty, Arjun plays matchmaker between his philandering foster brother and a conservative girl but winds up falling in love himself. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Pareeth Pandaari","tags":" Gafoor Y. Elliyaas Kalabhavan Shajohn, Sajitha Madathil, Jaffer Idukki, Sunil Sukhada, Joy Mathew, Ansiba As the parents of three unmarried daughters, a humble cook and his wife contend with the challenges of matchmaking and social expectations. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Paris Is Burning","tags":" Jennie Livingston  This Sundance prize-winning documentary is an intimate portrait of 1980s Harlem drag balls: a world of fierce competition, sustenance, and survival. classic,classic,documentalclassic,classic,documental"},{"title":"Parks and Recreation","tags":"  Amy Poehler, Rashida Jones, Aziz Ansari, Nick Offerman, Aubrey Plaza, Chris Pratt, Jim O'Heir, Retta, Adam Scott, Rob Lowe, Paul Schneider In this Emmy-nominated comedy, an employee with a rural Parks and Recreation department is full of energy and ideas but bogged down by bureaucracy. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Pasi\u00f3n de Gavilanes","tags":"  Danna Garc\u00eda, Mario Cimarro, Paola Rey, Jorge Cao, Juan Alfonso Baptista, Michel Brown, Gloria G\u00f3mez, Kristina Lilley, Natasha Klauss, Ana Luc\u00eda Dom\u00ednguez, Zharick Le\u00f3n, Lorena Meritano Three brothers seek to avenge the tragic death of a loved one, but become emotionally entangled with the daughters of those they hold responsible. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Passenger 57","tags":" Kevin Hooks Wesley Snipes, Bruce Payne, Tom Sizemore, Alex Datcher, Bruce Greenwood, Elizabeth Hurley, Michael Horse, Marc Macaulay, Ernie Lively Air marshal John Cutter must stop notorious terrorist Charles Rane from killing hostages on board a flight that should have delivered Rane to jail. actionaction"},{"title":"Patiala House","tags":" Nikhil Advani Rishi Kapoor, Dimple Kapadia, Akshay Kumar, Anushka Sharma, Tinnu Anand, Soni Razdan, Prem Chopra, Masood Akhtar, Jeneva Talwar, Suparna Marwah A talented young Indian cricket player must defy his father's wishes to play for the side of England, a rebellion his siblings quietly cheer. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Patient Seventeen","tags":" Jeremy Kenyon Lockyer Corbell  A surgeon claims to remove high tech microchips that aliens used to manipulate the human race. This documentary seeks to separate fact from fiction. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Patriot Games","tags":" Phillip Noyce Harrison Ford, Anne Archer, Patrick Bergin, Sean Bean, Thora Birch, James Fox, Samuel L. Jackson, Polly Walker, J.E. Freeman, James Earl Jones, Richard Harris CIA desk jockey Jack Ryan plunges into the heart of international terrorism after spoiling an assassination attempt on a British royal family member. actionaction"},{"title":"Patron Mutlu Son Istiyor","tags":" K\u0131van\u00e7 Baru\u00f6n\u00fc Tolga \u00c7evik, Ezgi Mola, Murat Ba\u015fo\u011flu, Erkan Can, Ersin Korkut, Mustafa Uzuny\u0131lmaz, Nusret \u00c7etinel, Ay\u015fenur Yaz\u0131c\u0131 Sent to a remote village to write a screenplay, Sinan finds inspiration to spare in colorful locals, farcical misadventures and the craziness of love. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Paul Blart: Mall Cop","tags":" Steve Carr Kevin James, Keir O'Donnell, Jayma Mays, Raini Rodriguez, Shirley Knight, Stephen Rannazzisi, Peter Gerety, Bobby Cannavale, Adam Ferrara, Jamal Mixon, Adhir Kalyan, Gary Valentine An overzealous security guard finds himself in over his head when he tries to thwart a criminal mastermind's plot to rob an entire shopping mall. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Paulettante Veedu","tags":" Dileep Narayanan Saikumar, Amal Unnithan, Manasa Radhakrishnan, K.P.A.C. Lalitha, Sudheer Karamana, Seema G. Nair A wealthy businessman's miserly habits cause no small amount of stress and embarrassment to his family, particularly his daughter. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Pawn Stars","tags":"  Corey Harrison, Richard Harrison, Rick Harrison, Austin \"Chumlee\" Russell Father Richard Harrison, son Rick and grandson Corey appraise an array of strange objects brought into their Gold & Silver Pawn Shop in Las Vegas. showshow"},{"title":"Paying Guests","tags":" Paritosh Painter Shreyas Talpade, Javed Jaffrey, Aashish Chaudhary, Vatsal Seth, Celina Jaitly, Johnny Lever, Delnaaz Paul, Riya Sen, Sayali Bhagat, Neha Dhupia Desperate for a place to live, twentysomething bachelors Parikshit, Jayesh, Parag and Bhavesh finally locate a house to rent, only to learn that the landlords will consider married applicants only. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Pee Mak","tags":" Banjong Pisanthanakun Mario Maurer, Davika Hoorne, Nattapong Chartpong, Pongsatorn Jongwilak, Wiwat Kongrasri, Kantapat Permpoonpatcharasuk, Sean Jindachot Mak's friends just want to protect him, but his wife Nak won't let a small thing like her own death get in the way of true love in this horror-comedy. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Pee-wee's Playhouse","tags":"  Paul Reubens Pee-wee Herman brings his stage show to the masses with this innovative live-action kids series that invites viewers into his quirky, childlike world. classic,family,comedyclassic,family,comedy"},{"title":"Pekak","tags":" Mohd Khairul Azri Bin Md Noor Zahiril Adzim, Sharifah Amani, Amerul Affendi, Sharifah Sakinah, Iedil Putra, Zaidi Omar, Joe Flizzow, Chew Kin-Wah Desperate to escape her tyrannical father, a rebellious teen befriends a deaf drug pusher who's saving up his money for cochlear implants. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Penelope","tags":" Mark Palansky Christina Ricci, James McAvoy, Catherine O'Hara, Peter Dinklage, Simon Woods In this modern fairy tale, a young woman cursed with the nose of a pig lives her life in seclusion \u2013 until an unlikely beau stumbles onto the scene. family,comedy,romancefamily,comedy,romance"},{"title":"Penny Dreadful","tags":"  Josh Hartnett, Eva Green, Timothy Dalton, Reeve Carney, Rory Kinnear, Billie Piper, Danny Sapani, Harry Treadaway The classic tales of Dracula, Frankenstein, Dorian Gray and more are woven together in this horror series set on the dark streets of Victorian London. drama,suspense,suspensedrama,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"People You May Know","tags":" J.C. Falc\u00f3n Sean Maher, Andrea Grano, Mark Cirillo, Nacho San Jos\u00e9, Curt Hansen, Trey McCurley, Jimmy Shaw, Carmen Maura The lives of several friends are thrown into chaos when a woman becomes pregnant by her husband's gay best friend after a drunken one-night stand. drama,lgbtdrama,lgbt"},{"title":"Perfect Bid: The Contestant Who Knew Too Much","tags":" C.J. Wallis Theodore Slauson A \"Price Is Right\" superfan brings a bit of scandal to the long-running show by figuring out the answers to the questions before they're asked. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Perfect Stranger","tags":" James Foley Halle Berry, Bruce Willis, Giovanni Ribisi, Richard Portnow, Gary Dourdan, Florencia Lozano, Nicki Aycox, Kathleen Chalfant, Gordon MacDonald, Daniella Van Graas Ro risks her life to discover the identity of a stranger lurking on the Internet who might hold the answers to her friend's murder. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Person of Interest","tags":"  Jim Caviezel, Michael Emerson, Taraji P. Henson, Kevin Chapman, Sarah Shahi, Amy Acker Ex-CIA agent John Reese and enigmatic billionaire Mr. Finch use software that can predict future events to prevent violent crimes before they occur. action,action,dramaaction,action,drama"},{"title":"Personal Shopper","tags":" Olivier Assayas Kristen Stewart, Lars Eidinger, Sigrid Bouaziz, Anders Danielsen Lie, Ty Olwin, Hammou Gra\u00efa, Nora von Waldst\u00e4tten, Benjamin Biolay, Audrey Bonnet, Pascal Rambert A psychic medium takes a job as personal shopper for a spoiled celebrity in order to contact the spirit of her brother, who owned her employer's home. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Peter and the Farm","tags":" Tony Stone Peter Dunning His hilltop farm in Vermont may be bucolic, but making ends meet is a backbreaking challenge for grizzled, hard-drinking organic farmer Peter Dunning. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Peter Rabbit","tags":" Will Gluck James Corden, Domhnall Gleeson, Rose Byrne, Margot Robbie, Daisy Ridley, Elizabeth Debicki, Vauxhall Jermaine, Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Sia, Colin Moody In this mix of live action and CGI, rascally Peter Rabbit faces a tough new foe in his ongoing battle for the veggies in Mr. McGregor's garden. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Phantom Boy","tags":" Jean-Loup Felicioli, Alain Gagnol Marcus D'Angelo, Vincent D'Onofrio, Fred Armisen, Jared Padalecki, Joey Camen, Brian T. Delaney, Melissa Disney, Bill Lobley, Amanda C\u00e9line Miller, Dana Snyder, Stephanie Sheh A boy whose illness allows him to float outside his body uses his newfound skill to help a cop take on a madman who's terrorizing New York City. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Philadelphia","tags":" Jonathan Demme Tom Hanks, Denzel Washington, Jason Robards, Mary Steenburgen, Antonio Banderas, Ron Vawter, Robert Ridgely, Charles Napier, Lisa Summerour, Obba Babatund\u00e9 Philadelphia attorney Andrew Beckett launches a wrongful termination suit against his law firm when they fire him because he's gay and HIV-positive. classic,drama,lgbtclassic,drama,lgbt"},{"title":"Phir Se","tags":" Ajay Bhuyan, Kunal Kohli Kunal Kohli, Jennifer Winget, Sumona Chakravarti, Sushmita Mukherjee, Kanwaljit Singh, Dalip Tahil, Rajit Kapoor The paths of a man and a woman, who have both been recently divorced from their spouses, intersect at an art exhibition in London. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Phobia 2","tags":" Banjong Pisanthanakun, Paween Purikitpanya, Songyos Sugmakanan, Parkpoom Wongpoom, Visute Poolvoralaks Jirayu La-ongmanee, Charlie Trairat, Worrawech Danuwong, Marsha Wattanapanich, Nicole Theriault, Chumphorn Thepphithak, Gacha Plienwithi, Suteerush Channukool, Peeratchai Roompol, Nattapong Chartpong From disfiguring punishments to festering souls, Thai horror masters present five supernatural tales of karma in this sequel to the 4bia anthology. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Phone Swap","tags":" Kunle Afolayan Wale Ojo, Nse Ikpe-Etim, Lydia Forson, Joke Silva, Chika Okpala, Ada Ameh, Hafeez Oyetoro, Chika Chukwu A fashion designer and an arrogant businessman reluctantly try to help each other after accidentally swapping phones in the airport. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Phullu","tags":" Abhishek Saxena Sharib Hashmi, Nutan Surya, Jyotii Sethi, Inaamulhaq, Trisha Kale, Namya Saxena, Shivam Pradhan, Kimti Anand, Paras Raj Gandhi Struck by the lack of clean resources for menstruating women in his village, a jobless loafer braves social stigmas to create low-cost sanitary napkins. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Pick of the Litter","tags":" Dana Nachman, Don Hardy Jr.  Five Labrador puppies embark on a 20-month training to pass the milestones on their journey to becoming guide dogs for people with visual impairment. family,documentalfamily,documental"},{"title":"Pierre Jackson","tags":" Christopher Nolen Trae Ireland, Chrystee Pharris, Brian Hooks, Dawnisha Halfkenny, Ebony Byrd Wesley, Simeon Henderson, Marquita Goings, Lew Collins, Kendra Gilliams, Caneil Oliver In the midst of ann arduous divorce battle, a real estate tycoon opts for a life of partying and sex until feelings for his childhood friend surface. romanceromance"},{"title":"Pimpal","tags":" Gajendra Ahire Dilip Prabhavalkar, Priya Bapat, Kishore Kadam, Vrinda Gajendra, Alok Rajwade, Sakhi Gokhale As a lonely widower prepares to leave India to live with his children in America, he looks back on past memories and unfinished business. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Pioneers of African-American Cinema","tags":" Oscar Micheaux, Spencer Williams, Richard E. Norman, Richard Maurice  This newly preserved collection features more than 20 films made by groundbreaking African American directors for black audiences from 1915 to 1946. showshow"},{"title":"Pitaah","tags":" Mahesh Manjrekar Sanjay Dutt, Nandita Das, Om Puri, Jackie Shroff, Mita Vashisht, Sachin Khedekar, Anjan Srivastav, Dinesh Anand, Mink Singh, Siddharth Thakur Avadh is an evil landlord in a remote village who rules with an iron fist. His two sons live a debauched life, knowing that their father will bail them out of any scrape. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Pizza, birra, faso","tags":" Israel Adri\u00e1n Caetano, Bruno Stagnaro H\u00e9ctor Anglada, Jorge Ses\u00e1n, Pamela Jord\u00e1n, Adri\u00e1n Yospe, Daniel Di Biase, Walter D\u00edaz, Mart\u00edn Adjemi\u00e1n, Elena C\u00e1nepa, Rub\u00e9n Rodr\u00edguez, Tony Lestingi, Alejandro Pous A group of hardscrabble young thieves in Argentina decide to leave their boss and plan heists on their own. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Plaire, aimer et courir vite","tags":" Christophe Honor\u00e9 Vincent Lacoste, Pierre Deladonchamps, Denis Podalyd\u00e8s, Ad\u00e8le Wismes, Thomas Gonzalez, Clement Metayer, Quentin Th\u00e9bault, Tristan Farge, Sophie Letourneur When a Paris-based writer with AIDS meets a college student exploring his sexuality, romance blossoms in his waning days. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Planet Earth II","tags":"  David Attenborough In this sequel to the Emmy-winning \"Planet Earth\" series, viewers are treated to rich and intimate views of the natural diversity of our planet. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Planet Earth: The Complete Collection","tags":" Alastair Fothergill David Attenborough This landmark series transports nature lovers from the Himalayan Mountains to the depths of the ocean and everywhere in between. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Planet Hulk","tags":" Sam Liu Rick D. Wasserman, Lisa Ann Beley, Mark Hildreth, Liam O'Brien, Kevin Michael Richardson, Sam Vincent, Advah Soudack, Michael Kopsa, Paul Dobson, Marc Worden When Earth's superheroes exile the volatile Incredible Hulk to a distant planet called Sakaar, the muscle-bound green monster is sold into slavery. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Planetarium","tags":" Rebecca Zlotowski Natalie Portman, Lily-Rose Depp, Emmanuel Salinger, Amira Casar, Pierre Salvadori, Louis Garrel In pre-World War II France, two sisters purport to be able to communicate with the dead and soon catch the eye of an ambitious filmmaker. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Platoon","tags":" Oliver Stone Tom Berenger, Willem Dafoe, Charlie Sheen, Forest Whitaker, Francesco Quinn, John C. McGinley, Richard Edson, Kevin Dillon, Reggie Johnson, Keith David A soldier grows disillusioned as he's caught between rival sergeants in this semi-autobiographical Vietnam War drama from writer-director Oliver Stone. action,classic,dramaaction,classic,drama"},{"title":"Playing for Time","tags":" Daniel Mann, Joseph Sargent Vanessa Redgrave, Jane Alexander, Maud Adams, Donna Haley, Robin Bartlett, Marisa Berenson, Will Lee, Verna Bloom, Christine Baranski, Lenore Harris Captured by Nazis and sent to Auschwitz, a Jewish musician is assigned to soothe other prisoners marching to their deaths in the gas chambers. dramadrama"},{"title":"Playing Hard","tags":" Jean-Simon Chartier  Step inside the Ubisoft offices, and follow designer Jason VandenBerghe's fight to create the video game \"For Honor\" over four years. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Pope Francis: A Man of His Word","tags":" Wim Wenders Pope Francis Documentary filmmaker Wim Wenders travels the world with Pope Francis, recording the controversial pontiff's humanist views in a sharply divided age. documental,religion,foregindocumental,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Popeye","tags":" Robert Altman Robin Williams, Shelley Duvall, Ray Walston, Paul Dooley, Paul L. Smith, Richard Libertini, Donald Moffat, Macintyre Dixon, Roberta Maxwell, Donovan Scott During a storm that wrecks his ship, super-strong sailor Popeye washes ashore and winds up rooming at the Oyl household, where he meets Olive. action,family,comedyaction,family,comedy"},{"title":"Portlandia","tags":"  Fred Armisen, Carrie Brownstein Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein send up the residents of Portland, Ore. Typical targets include artisanal light bulbs and feminist bookstores. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Porto","tags":" Gabe Klinger Anton Yelchin, Lucie Lucas, Fran\u00e7oise Lebrun, Paulo Calatr\u00e9 In a coastal Portuguese city, an erotic encounter ensues between an American expat and a French student, resonating through their lives years later. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Postcards from London","tags":" Steve McLean Harris Dickinson, Jonah Hauer-King, Alessandro Cimadamore, Leonardo Salerni, Raphael Desprez, Jerome Holder, Leemore Marrett Jr., Silas Carson, Stephen Boxer, Leo Hatton, Ben Cura After being recruited to be a raconteur in London, a handsome teenager discovers he suffers from a rare condition where he faints upon seeing fine art. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Powder","tags":"  Manish Chaudhary, Pankaj Tripathi, Geetika Tyagi, Rahul Bagga Two men who grew up in Mumbai's slums are drawn into the city's brutal narcotics trade, where they fight on opposite sides of the law. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Power Rangers Dino Charge","tags":"  Brennan Mejia, Camille Hyde, Yoshi Sudarso, Michael Taber, James Davies, Claire Blackwelder In the time of dinosaurs, the ancient and powerful Energems were lost on Earth, and now the evil bounty hunter Sledge has returned to find them. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Dino Thunder","tags":"  James Napier, Kevin Duhaney, Emma Lahana, Jason David Frank, Jeffrey Parazzo, Katrina Devine, Tom Hern, Miriama Smith, Latham Gaines, James Gaylyn Dr. Tommy Oliver returns when his students discover the Dino Gems that morph them into the Dino Power Rangers, enabling them to stop the evil Mesogog. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers in Space","tags":"  Tracy Lynn Cruz, Patricia Ja Lee, Christopher Khayman Lee, Justin Nimmo, Roger Velasco, Selwyn Ward, Melody Perkins, Paul Schrier, Jason Narvy, Mioko Fujiwara, Soichiro Hoshi, Yuji Kishimoto, Sanae Kobayashi, Tsuyoshi Takishita, Lex Lang With the Power Chamber destroyed, former Turbo Power Rangers T.J., Cassie, Carlos and Ashley search for Zordon, who's been abducted by Dark Specter. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Jungle Fury","tags":"  Jason Smith, Aljin Abella, Anna Hutchison, David de Lautour, Nikolai Nikolaeff, Sarah Thomson, Bede Skinner, Holly Shanahan, Kelson Henderson, Richard Simpson, Cameron Rhodes, Elisabeth Easther, Mark Wright, Derek Judge The Power Rangers travel to California in search of their new master and find him running a pizza parlor \u2013 so they join the staff to be trained. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue","tags":"  Michael Chaturantabut, Sean CW Johnson, Alison MacInnis, Keith Robinson, Sasha Craig, Monica Louwerens, Rhett Fisher, Ron Rogg\u00e9, Jennifer L. Yen, Kim Strauss As demons rumble from their graves beneath Mariner Bay, a government organization called Lightspeed recruits five civilians to defend the city. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Lost Galaxy","tags":"  Archie Kao, Reggie Rolle, Danny Slavin, Valerie Vernon, Cerina Vincent, Russell Lawrence, Amy Miller, Melody Perkins, Kazuki Maehara, Eri Tanaka, Terence J. Rotolo, Hiroshi Tsuchida, Tom Whyte, Bob Papenbrook, Mari Maruta Five teenagers, transformed by the mystical powers of the Quasar Sabers into the Galaxy Power Rangers, battle the evil Scorpius and Captain Mutiny. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Mystic Force","tags":"  Firass Dirani, Angie Diaz, Richard Brancatisano, Melanie Vallejo, Nic Sampson, John Tui, Peta Rutter, Antonia Prebble, Barnie Duncan, Kelson Henderson, Donogh Rees, Geoff Dolan, Holly Shanahan When the wicked Undead Army is unleashed, sorceress Udonna empowers five teenagers \u2013 the Mystic Force Power Rangers \u2013 to save mankind. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Ninja Storm","tags":"  Pua Magasiva, Sally Martin, Glenn McMillan, Adam Tuominen, Jorgito Vargas Jr., Jason Chan, Katrina Browne, Katrina Devine, Grant McFarland, Peter Rowley, Megan Nicol, Bruce Hopkins When the elite warriors from the Wind Ninja Academy are captured by the evil Lothor, Shane, Tori and Waldo become Wind Power Rangers to fight back. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Operation Overdrive","tags":"  James Maclurcan, Caitlin Murphy, Samuell Benta, Rhoda Montemayor, Gareth Yuen, Dwayne Cameron, Rod Lousich, David Weatherley, Kelson Henderson, Gerald Urquhart, Ria Vandervis, Mark Ferguson To keep powerful jewels from falling into the hands of two wicked brothers, five young Power Rangers set out on a dangerous global adventure. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers RPM","tags":"  Eka Darville, Ari Boyland, Rose McIver, Milo Cawthorne, Daniel Ewing, Mike Ginn, Li Ming Hu, Olivia Tennet, James Gaylyn, Adelaide Kane, Andrew Laing, Charlie McDermott, Mark Mitchinson The Power Rangers' new member, Dillon, isn't sure he wants to be on the team until he has a dream that sets the Rangers into action. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers S.P.D.","tags":"  Brandon Jay McLaren, Chris Violette, Matt Austin, Monica May, Alycia Purrott, John Tui, Rene Naufahu, Michelle Langstone, Barnie Duncan, Kelson Henderson, Jim McLarty, Olivia James-Baird, Josephine Davison, Derek Judge, James Gaylyn When the Troobian Empire attacks Earth, the B-Squad Power Rangers Space Patrol Delta morphs into action to squash the alien threat and save the world. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Samurai","tags":"  Alex Heartman, Erika Fong, Hector David Jr., Najee De-Tiege, Brittany Anne Pirtle, Rene Naufahu, Jeff Szusterman, Felix Ryan, Paul Schrier A new generation of Power Rangers must master the Symbols of Samurai Power, which give them control over the Earth's elements to battle dark forces. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Samurai: Clash of the Red Rangers","tags":"  Alex Heartman, Erika Fong, Hector David Jr., Najee De-Tiege, Brittany Anne Pirtle, Rene Naufahu The Samurai Rangers team up with the RPM Ranger Red to fight off Master Xandred's Mooger army and a robotic villain from the RPM Ranger's dimension. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Super Samurai: Stuck on Christmas","tags":"  Alex Heartman, Najee De-Tiege, Hector David Jr., Erika Fong, Brittany Anne Pirtle, Steven Skyler, Paul Schrier, Felix Ryan, Jeff Szusterman, Stig Alred, Kate Elliot The Samurai Rangers get stuck in the Megazord's cockpit on Christmas Eve when it breaks down. Can the Rangers get out in time for Christmas? family,fantasyfamily,fantasy"},{"title":"Power Rangers Time Force","tags":"  Jason Faunt, Erin Cahill, Kevin Kleinberg, Deborah Estelle Phillips, Michael Copon, Daniel Southworth, Vernon Wells, Kate Sheldon, Edward Lawrence Albert, Brianne Siddall, Terence J. Rotolo, Eddie Frierson The team launches a new campaign against evil in the year 3000, when the imprisoned criminal mastermind Ransik is freed by his daughter. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Turbo","tags":"  Johnny Yong Bosch, Nakia Burrise, Blake Foster, Jason David Frank, Catherine Sutherland, Carol Hoyt, Jason Narvy, Paul Schrier, Gregg Bullock, Hilary Shepard, Tracy Lynn Cruz, Patricia Ja Lee, Roger Velasco, Selwyn Ward, Donene Kistler The Rangers use high-tech battle cars to take on Queen Divatox and her Divazords, who mount an attack on the Rangers' beloved Angel Grove. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Wild Force","tags":"  Ricardo Medina Jr., Alyson Kiperman, Phillip Jeanmarie, Jessica Rey, Jack Guzman, Phillip Andrew, Ann Marie Crouch, Ilia Volok, Sin Wong, Danny Wayne, Terence J. Rotolo Raised in the wilderness, young Cole Evans leads the Wild Force Power Rangers as they summon their animal powers to battle the evil Master Org. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers Zeo","tags":"  Catherine Sutherland, Nakia Burrise, Steve Cardenas, Johnny Yong Bosch, Jason David Frank, David Yost, Austin St. John, Paul Schrier, Jason Narvy, Namihei Koshige, Danny Wayne, Akira Madden, David Stenstrom, Tadahiro Nakamura, Kerrigan Mahan This \"Mighty Morphin Power Rangers\" spinoff finds Tommy and the gang battling new enemies, using abilities acquired from the Zeo Crystal. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers: Megaforce","tags":"  Andrew M. Gray, Ciara Hanna, John Mark Loudermilk, Christina Masterson, Azim Rizk, Shailesh Prajapati, Ian Harcourt When Earth is threatened by a massive alien invasion, the planet's supernatural guardian calls upon five teenagers to form the ultimate defense team. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers: Megaforce: Raising Spirits","tags":"  Andrew M. Gray, John Mark Loudermilk, Ciara Hanna, Azim Rizk, Christina Masterson, Shailesh Prajapati, Ian Harcourt On Halloween, the scariest night of the year, the Rangers have a strange encounter with a mysterious medium who conjures \"visions\" of monsters past. familyfamily"},{"title":"Power Rangers: Megaforce: The Robo Knight Before Christmas","tags":" James Barr Andrew M. Gray, Ciara Hanna, John Mark Loudermilk, Christina Masterson, Azim Rizk, Shailesh Prajapati, Ian Harcourt Robo Knight learns the meaning of Christmas from a group of children when he is mistaken for a donated Christmas toy and is shipped to a foreign land. familyfamily"},{"title":"Prague","tags":" Ashish R. Shukla Chandan Roy Sanyal, Elena Kazan, Kumar Mayank, Sonia Bindra, Arfi Lamba The chaotic ramblings of a young architect's mind take hold of his life as he leaves behind his past in India to work in Prague. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Prelude to War","tags":" Frank Capra  Frank Capra's documentary chronicles the rise of authoritarianism in Germany, Italy and Japan as America prepares for a defense of liberty. classic,documentalclassic,documental"},{"title":"Premachi Goshta","tags":" Satish Rajwade Atul Kulkarni, Sagarika Ghatge, Rohini Hattangadi, Sulekha Talvalkar, Meera Welankar, Satish Rajwade A man and a woman struggling to keep their respective marriages afloat run into each other at a marriage counselor's office, with unexpected results. foregin,romanceforegin,romance"},{"title":"Prescription Thugs","tags":" Chris Bell, Josh Alexander, Greg Young Chris Bell A documentarian uses his own family's experiences as a springboard to explore the ethical issues surrounding the FDA and pharmaceutical industry. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Primal Fear","tags":" Gregory Hoblit Richard Gere, Edward Norton, Laura Linney, John Mahoney, Alfre Woodard, Frances McDormand, Terry O'Quinn, Andre Braugher, Steven Bauer, Joe Spano, Kenneth Tigar, Tony Plana, Maura Tierney, Stanley Anderson When a blood-spattered altar boy is found running from a murder scene, his conviction seems certain \u2013 but his attorney is determined to win the case. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Prince Charming","tags":" Wong Jing Kenny Bee, Cherie Chung, Chan Pak-cheung, Rosamund Kwan, Maggie Cheung Two young buddies seek love in Hawaii, and upon returning home in disappointment, soon entangle themselves in a messy identity swap. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Princess Cyd","tags":" Stephen Cone Tyler Ross, Rebecca Spence, James Vincent Meredith A teenager moves to Chicago for the summer and finds a poignant mentor in her aunt and a sweet love interest in a girl who works in the neighborhood. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Professor Mack","tags":" Christopher Nolen Lisa Wu, Timon Kyle Durrett, Robert Christopher Riley, Erica Hubbard, Amin Joseph, Christopher Nolen, Larry Biela, Jackie Christie, Katharin 'Ladie K' Mraz, Simeon Henderson When a confident college professor is courted by four eligible and well-established men, she struggles to decide who she likes the best. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Prohibition: A Film by Ken Burns and Lynn Novick","tags":"  Peter Coyote Ken Burns's documentary traces the passage of the 18th Amendment, the social and legal effects of prohibiting alcohol, and the repeal of Prohibition. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Prosecuting Evil: The Extraordinary World of Ben Ferencz","tags":" Barry Avrich Ben Ferencz A gripping profile of Ben Ferencz, the last surviving lead prosecutor at the Nuremberg trials whose lifelong desire for justice altered the rule of law. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Psiconautas","tags":"  Guillermo Toledo, Gabriel Goity, Florencia Pe\u00f1a, Julieta Zylberberg, Mart\u00edn Piroyansky, Luis Ziembrowski, Ver\u00f3nica Llin\u00e1s, Emilio Disi A Spanish con man masquerades as a therapist and starts leading group sessions in Argentina for a crew of gullible misfits. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Pukar","tags":" Rajkumar Santoshi Anil Kapoor, Madhuri Dixit, Namrata Shirodkar, Danny Denzongpa, Om Puri, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Farida Jalal, Shivaji Satham A notorious terrorist manipulates an Indian army major's jilted lover into helping him obtain a classified military code. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Pulp Fiction","tags":" Quentin Tarantino John Travolta, Samuel L. Jackson, Uma Thurman, Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Amanda Plummer, Maria de Medeiros, Ving Rhames, Eric Stoltz, Rosanna Arquette, Christopher Walken, Bruce Willis This stylized crime caper weaves together stories featuring a burger-loving hit man, his philosophical partner and a washed-up boxer. classic,classic,dramaclassic,classic,drama"},{"title":"Punjab 1984","tags":" Anurag Singh Diljit Dosanjh, Kiron Kher, Sonam Bajwa, Pavan Malhotra, Rana Ranbir, Vishwas Kini, Manav Vij, Vansh Bhardwaj During a time of political turmoil, a mother goes on a journey in search of her missing son, who has been misjudged and labeled a terrorist. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Pusher","tags":" Luis Prieto Richard Coyle, Bronson Webb, Agyness Deyn, Mem Ferda, Zlatko Buric, Paul Kaye, Bill Thomas, Neil Maskell, Daisy Lewis In this remake of a 1996 Danish thriller, a drug pusher incurs his suppliers' wrath when he gets busted and is left without the money he owes. actionaction"},{"title":"Pyaar Ka Punchnama","tags":" Luv Ranjan Kartik Aaryan, Divyendu Sharma, Raayo S. Bakhirta, Nushrat Bharucha, Sonalli Sehgall, Ishita Raj Matters of the heart introduce chaos into the once-idyllic bachelor existence of three young men who share an apartment. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya","tags":"  Meiyang Chang, Surbhi Jyoti From teen lovers defying social and religious taboos to a student falling for her teacher, these stories explore joy and heartache in modern romance. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Q Ball","tags":" Michael Tolajian  At San Quentin State Prison, hardened convicts take their shots at redemption while navigating personal struggles by bonding through basketball. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Qu\u00e9 pena tu serie","tags":"  Ariel Levy, Andrea Velasco, Lucy Cominetti, Ignacia Allamand, Paz Bascu\u00f1\u00e1n, Claudia Celed\u00f3n, Nicol\u00e1s Mart\u00ednez Javier is happily in love with Sofia, so when she breaks up their perfect life, he has to get her back \u2013 or maybe try finding a new perfect love. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Quantum of Solace","tags":" Marc Forster Daniel Craig, Olga Kurylenko, Mathieu Amalric, Judi Dench, Giancarlo Giannini, Gemma Arterton, Jeffrey Wright, David Harbour, Jesper Christensen, Anatole Taubman Picking up an hour after the events of 2006's Casino Royale, this James Bond adventure finds 007 tracking a traitor who's infiltrated Britain's MI6. actionaction"},{"title":"Queen of No Marriage","tags":"  Ethan Juan, Cheryl Yang, Harry Chang, Sylvia Yang, James Wen, Patrick Lee Sparks begin to fly when a successful 33-year-old single woman and a 25-year-old romantic with few prospects navigate love and differences. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Queen of the Desert","tags":" Werner Herzog Nicole Kidman, James Franco, Damian Lewis, Jay Abdo, Robert Pattinson, Jenny Agutter, David Calder, Christopher Fulford, Nick Waring, Holly Earl, Sophie Linfield Driven beyond the bounds of convention, adventurer Gertrude Bell leaves turn-of-the-century Britain behind for the deserts of the Middle East. dramadrama"},{"title":"R.L. Stine's Mostly Ghostly","tags":" Richard Correll Madison Pettis, Sterling Beaumon, Luke Benward, Brian Stepanek, David DeLuise, Kim Rhodes, Adam Hicks, Ali Lohan, Sabrina Bryan, Rachel Winfree, Diego Acu\u00f1a After discovering a pair of young ghosts, a nebbish 11-year-old agrees to help the sibling spirits solve the mystery surrounding their demise. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Race to Witch Mountain","tags":" Andy Fickman Dwayne Johnson, AnnaSophia Robb, Alexander Ludwig, Carla Gugino, Ciar\u00e1n Hinds, Tom Everett Scott, Chris Marquette, Billy Brown, Christine Lakin, Tom Woodruff Jr., John Kassir, Garry Marshall, John Duff, Ted Hartley, Dave Engfer, Bob Clendenin, Shengyi Huang, Robert Torti, Kim Richards, Brandon Miller, Paul Darnell, Omar Dorsey, Dennis Hayden, Suzanne Krull, Steve Rosenbaum, Andrew Shaifer, Bryan Fogel, Bob Koherr, Sam Wolfson, Beth Kennedy, Corri English, Jonathan Slavin, Kevin Christy, Meredith Salenger A sister and brother with special powers are on the run from a mysterious organization that wants to take advantage of the siblings' gifts. familyfamily"},{"title":"Rachel Getting Married","tags":" Jonathan Demme Anne Hathaway, Rosemarie DeWitt, Debra Winger, Bill Irwin, Tunde Adebimpe, Mather Zickel, Anna Deavere Smith, Anisa George, Robyn Hitchcock, Sister Carol East, Sebastian Stan Longstanding family conflicts resurface when a former model who's been in and out of rehab for a decade returns home for her sister's wedding. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Radical: the Controversial Saga of Dada Figueiredo","tags":" Raphael Erichsen  This film chronicles the career of surfer Dad\u00e1 Figueiredo, whose stormy personal life upended his status as a trendsetting '70s sports hero. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Radiopetti","tags":" Hari Viswanath Lakshmanan, TVV Ramanujam, Shobana, Nivas Adithan, Indhumathi, Baby Maya, Master Rohan An elderly, hearing-impaired Indian man stays connected to the world of the past through the beloved valve radio he has owned since childhood. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Raging Bull","tags":" Martin Scorsese Robert De Niro, Cathy Moriarty, Joe Pesci, Frank Vincent, Nicholas Colasanto, Theresa Saldana, Mario Gallo, Frank Adonis, Joseph Bono This gritty biopic of brutal boxer Jake LaMotta portrays a tormented soul rising to the top of his sport, only to be undone by his demons. classic,drama,sportsclassic,drama,sports"},{"title":"Rahasya","tags":" Manish Gupta Kay Kay Menon, Ashish Vidyarthi, Tisca Chopra, Mita Vashisht, Bikramjeet Kanwarpal, Ashwini Kalsekar, Kunal Sharma, Nimai Bali The murder of a teenage girl found dead in her bedroom opens up a twisted investigation that leads into a dark, murky labyrinth of secrets and lies. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Raiders!: The Story of the Greatest Fan Film Ever Made","tags":" Jeremy Coon, Tim Skousen  Three childhood friends attempt to finish the pet project they've worked on for over 30 years: re-creating \"Raiders of the Lost Ark\" shot for shot. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Railroad Tigers","tags":" Ding Sheng Jackie Chan, Zitao Huang, Jaycee Chan, Wang Kai, Hiroyuki Ikeuchi, Sang Ping, Alan Ng, Xu Fan, Darren Wang During World War II, a Chinese railroad worker leads a group of brave resistance fighters against the forces of Japanese occupation. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Raja Hindustani","tags":" Dharmesh Darshan Aamir Khan, Karisma Kapoor, Suresh Oberoi, Johnny Lever, Navneet Nishan, Veeru Krishnan, Kunal Khemu, Pramod Moutho, Mohnish Bahl When a poor taxi driver falls in love with a wealthy young woman, he must stand up to her family and contend with his own insecurities. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Rajnigandha","tags":" Basu Chatterjee Vidya Sinha, Amol Palekar, Dinesh Thakur, Ranjita Thakur, Veena Gaud, Manju Maini A grad student leaves her boyfriend in Delhi for a job interview in Mumbai, where she reconnects with an old flame for whom she still has feelings. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ralph Breaks the Internet: Wreck-It Ralph 2","tags":" Phil Johnston, Rich Moore John C. Reilly, Sarah Silverman, Taraji P. Henson, Gal Gadot, Jack McBrayer, Jane Lynch, Alan Tudyk, Ed O'Neill, Susan Lucci, Jason Lee, Idina Menzel, Anika Noni Rose, Judy Reyes, Grant Show, Ana Ortiz, Ming-Na Wen, Rebecca Wisocky, Paige O'Hara, Linda Larkin, Mariana Klaveno, Daria Ramirez, Tom Irwin, Edy Ganem, Irene Bedard, Jodi Benson, Anthony Daniels When video-game bad guy Ralph and best friend Vanellope discover a way onto the internet, they set off on a mission to save her broken game. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Ram Teri Ganga Maili","tags":" Raj Kapoor Mandakini, Rajiv Kapoor, Divya Rana, Saeed Jaffrey, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Raza Murad, Sushma Seth, Trilok Kapoor Abandoned by her new husband and father of her son, a mountain woman journeys to Calcutta to find him, constantly tested by social evils along the way. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Ramayan","tags":"  Gagan Malik, Neha Sargam, Neil Bhatt A prince's divine destiny to rule as a king is thwarted by his stepmother's scheme to put her own child on the throne in this legendary epic. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Ramen Shop","tags":" Eric Khoo Takumi Saitoh, Seiko Matsuda, Mark Lee, Jeanette Aw, Tsuyoshi Ihara, Tetsuya Bessho, Beatrice Chien Ramen chef Masato travels to Singapore to retrace his mother's life and finds a deeper understanding of his family history and culture. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ramji Londonwaley","tags":" Sanjay Dayma Madhavan, Samita Bangargi, Harsh Chhaya, Rajendranath Zutshi, Shikha Shalu Varma, Satish Shah, Akhilendra Mishra A small-town cook moves to London to earn a living, but from his employer\u2019s sudden death to the immigration officials on his trail, plans soon go sour. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Rampant","tags":" Kim Sung-hoon Hyun Bin, Jang Dong-gun, Jo Woo-jin, Jeong Man-sik, Lee Sun-bin, Kim Eui-sung, Cho Dal-hwan, Seo Ji-hye, Kim Tae-woo, Kim Joo-hyuk When Prince Lee Cheong returns to Joseon after his brother\u2019s death, he finds the kingdom plagued by deadly creatures \u2013 but they\u2019re not the only threat. action,suspense,foreginaction,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Ranbhool","tags":" Girish Joshi Subodh Bhave, Mohan Joshi, Vinay Apte, Uday Tikekar, Tejaswini Pandit, Saii Ranade, Daksha Mahendra, Gargi Datar Believing himself to be God's envoy, a troubled young man embarks on a killing spree as his passion for music becomes a psychotic obsession. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Rangreza","tags":" Amir Mohiuddin Urwa Hocane, Bilal Ashraf, Gohar Rasheed, Saleem Mairaj, Ghana Ali, Shahid Naqvi A high-flying rock star and son of a politician falls for a woman from a qawwal family, leading to a love triangle that may consume everyone involved. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Rats","tags":" Morgan Spurlock  Explore the icky world of rats and witness how their talent for surviving in almost any environment has led to catastrophic events throughout history. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Razia Sultan","tags":"  Pankhuri Awasthy, Saurabh Pandey, Rohit Purohit, Sooraj Tapar, Mohit Abrol, Seema Kapoor This sweeping historical drama charts the rise of a remarkable real-life figure, the first woman to ever rule the Delhi Sultanate. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Reaction","tags":" Husam El-Gohari Mahmoud Abdel Moghny, Amr Youssef, Horeya Farghaly, Mahmoud El Gendy, Entessar, Donia El Masry, Sabry Abdel Moniem, Raouf Mustafa, Alaa Zenhom When a series of seemingly random people are murdered, baffled police search for a killer who may have a connection to them all. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ready","tags":" Anees Bazmee Salman Khan, Asin, Paresh Rawal, Mahesh Manjrekar, Anuradha Patel, Manoj Pahwa, Manoj Joshi, Puneet Issar, Sharat Saxena, Akhilendra Mishra, Zarine Khan, Arya Babbar Bollywood superstar Salman Khan plays Prem, an heir to a perfume fortune who falls in love with the wrong woman in this romantic comedy. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Rebel Without a Cause","tags":" Nicholas Ray James Dean, Natalie Wood, Sal Mineo, Jim Backus, Ann Doran, Corey Allen, William Hopper, Rochelle Hudson, Dennis Hopper, Edward Platt When Jim Stark arrives in a new town with his troubled past firmly in tow, he quickly falls for the girl next door and befriends the vulnerable Plato. classic,dramaclassic,drama"},{"title":"Rebelde","tags":"  Anah\u00ed, Dulce Mar\u00eda, Alfonso Herrera, Christopher Von Uckermann, Maite Perroni, Christian Ch\u00e1vez, Juan Ferrara, Ninel Conde, Leticia Perdig\u00f3n, Enrique Rocha Six students at an exclusive prep school, some on scholarship, discover that music can close the class divide. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Recall","tags":" Michael James Regan Michael James Regan, Tommy James Murphy, Louis Di Bianco, Stefano DiMatteo, Juan Carlos Velis, Katriina Isberg, Danny Bruzzi, Eugene Clark, Ronnie Rowe Jr., Brendee Green, A.C. Peterson Struggling to move on from a heartbreaking loss, Mikey is drawn into a dangerous underworld robbery orchestrated by his unreliable stepbrother Dale. dramadrama"},{"title":"Rectify","tags":"  Aden Young, Abigail Spencer, J. Smith-Cameron, Clayne Crawford, Luke Kirby, Adelaide Clemens, Jake Austin Walker, Jayson Warner Smith, Bruce McKinnon, J.D. Evermore, Michael O'Neill, Sean Bridgers, Johnny Ray Gill, Sharon Conley, Michael Vartan Convicted of rape and murder at age 18, Daniel Holden spends nearly 20 years on death row until DNA evidence brings the verdict into question. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Red Christmas","tags":" Craig Anderson Dee Wallace, Geoff Morrell, Sarah Bishop, Janis McGavin, David Collins, Bjorn Stewart, Gerard O'Dwyer, Deelia Meriel, Sam Campbell, Anthony Jensen, Robert Anderson A family Christmas gathering at an isolated Australian estate turns into the holiday from hell after a mysterious stranger turns up at the door. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Red Dawn","tags":" John Milius Patrick Swayze, C. Thomas Howell, Lea Thompson, Charlie Sheen, Darren Dalton, Jennifer Grey, Brad Savage, Doug Toby, Ben Johnson, Harry Dean Stanton A group of teenagers witnesses Soviet and Cuban paratroopers descending on their small Colorado town and systematically setting off World War III. action,classicaction,classic"},{"title":"Red Oleanders Raktokarobi","tags":" Amitava Bhattacharya Shantilal Mukherjee, Mumtaz Sorcar, Rahul, Koushik Sen, Rajesh Sharma, Debdut Ghosh, Anindya Banerjee, Amitabha Bhattacharjee, Usashi Chakraborty, Dipankar Dey When a theater group stages a production of a Rabindranath Tagore play, they begin to notice parallels between the story and their own lives. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Red Trees","tags":" Marina Willer Tim Piggott-Smith A documentarian details her Jewish family's escape from Nazi-occupied Prague to refuge in Brazil, where her father built a life as an architect. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Red vs. Blue","tags":"  Burnie Burns, Jason Salda\u00f1a, Gustavo Sorola, Geoff Lazer Ramsey, Joel Heyman, Matt Hullum, Dan Godwin, Kathleen Zuelch, Yomary Cruz, Nathan Zellner This parody of first-person shooter games, military life and science-fiction films centers on a civil war fought in the middle of a desolate canyon. action,comedy,fantasyaction,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Regatta","tags":" Mohamed Samy Amr Saad, Ilham Shaheen, Rania Yousef Inside one of Cairo's most impoverished areas exists a place where criminals control everything and everyone. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Reggie Yates Outside Man","tags":"  Reggie Yates Award-winning filmmaker Reggie Yates travels around the world tackling big issues such as gun violence, racism, gay rights and addiction. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Reincarnated","tags":" Andy Capper Snoop Dogg, Dr. Dre, Bunny Wailer Vice magazine's Andy Capper follows rapper Snoop Dogg on a pilgrimage to Jamaica, where he rechristens himself Snoop Lion, a reggae artist. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Rembat","tags":" Shamyl Othman Shaheizy Sam, Aniu, Zizan Razak, Zara Zya, Arja Lee Two huge soccer fans must go on a rambunctious road trip to fix a big match between Malaysia and Thailand, or they'll draw the ire of a loan shark. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Remember","tags":" Atom Egoyan Christopher Plummer, Bruno Ganz, J\u00fcrgen Prochnow, Heinz Lieven, Henry Czerny, Dean Norris, Martin Landau Following the written instructions of his friend, senile Zev crosses the country to find and murder the Nazi who killed their families in Auschwitz. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Remember Me","tags":" Allen Coulter Robert Pattinson, Emilie de Ravin, Chris Cooper, Lena Olin, Pierce Brosnan, Tate Ellington, Ruby Jerins, Gregory Jbara, Meghan Markle Tyler's still feeling lost following the tragedy that's strained his relationship with his father when he meets Ally, a girl who understands his pain. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Rememory","tags":" Mark Palansky Peter Dinklage, Julia Ormond, Martin Donovan, Anton Yelchin, Henry Ian Cusick, Evelyne Brochu, Matt Ellis, Colin Lawrence, Chad Krowchuk, Gracyn Shinyei A psychologist is murdered after unveiling a breakthrough invention that extracts memories, spurring a fixated former patient to hunt for answers. drama,fantasydrama,fantasy"},{"title":"Republic of Doyle","tags":"  Allan Hawco, Krystin Pellerin, Marthe Bernard, Mark O'Brien, Sean McGinley, Lynda Boyd, Bob Cole, Steve O'Connell, Sean Panting, Rachel Wilson A pair of father and son private investigators tries to keep their combustible personal lives in check while tackling an intriguing array of cases. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Resident Evil: Afterlife","tags":" Paul W.S. Anderson Milla Jovovich, Ali Larter, Kim Coates, Shawn Roberts, Sergio Peris-Mencheta, Spencer Locke, Boris Kodjoe, Wentworth Miller The Undead Apocalypse continues as super-soldier Alice finds her way to a supposed sanctuary in Los Angeles, which may just be a deadly trap. action,suspense,fantasyaction,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Residente","tags":" Ren\u00e9 P\u00e9rez Joglar Ren\u00e9 P\u00e9rez Joglar The results of a DNA test spur Puerto Rican rap icon Residente to set out on a global voyage in search of his roots and fresh musical inspiration. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Restless Creature: Wendy Whelan","tags":" Linda Saffire, Adam Schlesinger Peter Martins, Sean Suozzi, Gretchen Smith, Ashley Laracey, Tiler Peck, Damian Woetzel, Albert Evans, Sterling Hyltin, Craig Hall, Peter Boal, Karen Young, Michelle Rodriguez, Jock Soto, Adam Barrett After 30 years with the New York City Ballet, celebrated dancer Wendy Whelan redefines herself as an artist in a new stage of life. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Return To The 36th Chamber","tags":" Chia-Liang Liu Gordon Liu, Lung Wei Wang, Hou Hsiao, Lun Hua, Yeong-mun Kwon, Kara Hui, Szu-Chia Chen, Tsui Ling Yu, Wei Hao Teng, Gong Shih When thugs prey upon innocent factory workers, a small-time scammer trains for revenge by studying the moves of Shaolin temple monks. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Revelations","tags":" Vijay Jayapal Chetan, Lakshmi Priyaa Chandramouli, Anantharam Karthik, Arpita Banerjee After four years together, a husband and wife become entangled in secret, sexually charged relationships that threaten to unravel their marriage. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Revenge of the Green Dragons","tags":" Andrew Lau Wai-Keung, Andrew Loo Ray Liotta, Justin Chon, Kevin Wu, Harry Shum Jr., Eugenia Yuan, Leonard Wu, Jin Auyeung, Jon Kit Lee, Shuya Chang, Geoff Pierson In gritty 1980s New York, two Chinese immigrant boys rise through the ranks of the infamous Green Dragons gang, where they're trained to kill. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Revolting Rhymes","tags":" Jani Lachauer, Jakob Schuh Rob Brydon, Bertie Carvel, Gemma Chan, Dominic West, Isaac Hempstead Wright, Bel Powley, Tamsin Greig, Rose Leslie, David Walliams Popular fairy tales take on a darkly comic edge in these short animated films based on a book by Roald Dahl and illustrator Quentin Blake. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Revolutionary Road","tags":" Sam Mendes Leonardo DiCaprio, Kate Winslet, Kathy Bates, Michael Shannon, Kathryn Hahn, David Harbour, Dylan Baker, Richard Easton, Zoe Kazan, Jay O. Sanders, Max Casella April and Frank's marriage unravels when a plan to change their \"perfect\" lives becomes their last hope to escape lives engulfed in emptiness. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Rezeta","tags":" Fernando Fr\u00edas De La Parra Rezeta Veliu, Roger Mendoza, Emiliano Becerr\u00edl, Sebasti\u00e1n Cordova, Paulina D\u00e1vila Gorgeous and free-spirited Albanian model Rezeta arrives in Mexico City, and soon uses her charms to take up a carefree new life in the metropolis. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Rica, Famosa, Latina","tags":"   This reality series follows the lives of a group of wealthy, successful Latina women in Los Angeles. foregin,show,foreginforegin,show,foregin"},{"title":"Righteous Kill","tags":" Jon Avnet Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, 50 Cent, Carla Gugino, John Leguizamo, Donnie Wahlberg, Brian Dennehy, Trilby Glover Two detectives investigate a rash of vigilante killings linked to an old case, suggesting they might have put an innocent man behind bars. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Ringan","tags":" Makarand Mane Shashank Shende, Sahil Joshi, Suhas Sirsat, Kalyanee Mulay, Vijay Salve, Umesh Jagtap, Shantanu Gangane, Abhay Mahajan, Vitthal Patil, Ketan Pawar Desperate to save his land, an indebted farmer journeys to Pandharpur to seek divine blessing with his small son, who searches for his mother. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ripper Street","tags":"  Matthew Macfadyen, Jerome Flynn, Adam Rothenberg, David Wilmot, MyAnna Buring, David Dawson, Amanda Hale, Charlene McKenna, Jonathan Barnwell, Clive Russell It's been six months since the last Jack the Ripper killing, and East London is hopeful that his reign of terror might have run its course. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"Rise of the Zombie","tags":" Devaki Singh, Luke Kenny Luke Kenny, Kirti Kulhari, Ashwin Mushran, Benjamin Gilani A heartbroken wildlife photographer throws himself into his work, only to find himself experiencing strange transformations. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Rishta.com","tags":"  Shruti Seth, Kavi Shastri, Siddhant Karnick, Kavin Dave Partners at an Indian matrimonial agency face endlessly challenging and often impossible demands as they help clients make the perfect match. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Rivaaz","tags":" Ashok Nanda Deepti Naval, Vijay Raaz, Meghna Naidu, Saadhika Randhawa, Ritisha Vijayvargya, Manoj Biddvai, Sayaji Shinde, Reema Lagoo In a village where girls are auctioned off rather than married, a man falls in love with a girl who is about to face the bidders. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Road to Sangam","tags":" Amit Rai Paresh Rawal, Om Puri, Pavan Malhotra, Javed Sheikh, Swati Chitnis, Masood Akhtar, Sudhir Nema, Rakesh Srivastava As communal violence erupts in his neighborhood, a Muslim mechanic presses forward to repair a historic truck that will transport Gandhi\u2019s last remains. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Road to Yesterday","tags":" Ishaya Bako Genevieve Nnaji, Oris Erhuero, Majid Michel Their marriage failing, Victoria and Izu try to reconnect during a road trip. But bringing long-repressed secrets to light threatens yet more discord. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Roberto Saviano: Writing Under Police Protection","tags":" Pierfrancesco Diliberto Pierfrancesco Diliberto Italian TV host Pif revisits Roberto Saviano, who's been living under protection since publishing \"Gomorrah,\" his expos\u00e9 on organized crime in Naples. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Robin Hood: The Rebellion","tags":" Nicholas Winter Ben Freeman, James Oliver Wheatley, Marie Everett, Jamie Kenna, James Groom, James G. Nunn, Martyn Ford, Gareth David-Lloyd, Brian Blessed, Kristian Nairn When the Sheriff of Nottingham takes his beloved captive, Robin Hood embarks on a daring rescue mission at the tyrant's castle. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Robotech","tags":"  Jean-Claude Ballard, Gregory Snegoff, Cam Clarke, Melissa Newman, Tony Oliver, Larry Abraham, Robert Axelrod, Robert V. Barron When a mysterious spaceship crashes in the Pacific, the people of Earth work to master the science of robotechnology and rebuild the giant fortress. animeanime"},{"title":"Rocky","tags":" John G. Avildsen Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Burgess Meredith, Thayer David, Joe Spinell, Jimmy Gambina, Bill Baldwin Sylvester Stallone shot to fame as Rocky Balboa, an unknown fighter who's given a shot at fighting world champ Apollo Creed as a publicity stunt. action,classic,dramaaction,classic,drama"},{"title":"Rocky II","tags":" Sylvester Stallone Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Burgess Meredith, Tony Burton, Joe Spinell, Leonard Gaines, John Pleshette, Sylvia Meals Featuring a rousing climax, this engaging sequel finds boxer Rocky Balboa returning to the ring for a rematch against reigning champ Apollo Creed. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Rocky III","tags":" Sylvester Stallone Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Burgess Meredith, Tony Burton, Mr. T, Hulk Hogan, Ian Fried After taking a pounding from a powerful young fighter, humbled world champ Rocky Balboa turns to ex-rival Apollo Creed for help in regaining his form. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Rocky IV","tags":" Sylvester Stallone Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Dolph Lundgren, Brigitte Nielsen, Tony Burton, Michael Pataki Rocky Balboa takes on the Cold War, coming out of retirement to battle a Soviet fighter who pulverized Rocky's friend and former rival, Apollo Creed. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Rocky V","tags":" John G. Avildsen Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Richard Gant, Tommy Morrison, Sage Stallone, Burgess Meredith, Tony Burton Inspired by the memory of his trainer, a broke and seemingly careerless Rocky finds glory in training and takes on an up-and-coming boxer. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"Roger Corman's Death Race 2050","tags":" G.J. Echternkamp Manu Bennett, Malcolm McDowell, Marci Miller, Burt Grinstead, Folake Olowofoyeku, Ramsey Moore, Yancy Butler, Charlie Farrell, Shanna Olson In this dystopian sequel, kills equal points in a violently gory annual cross-country road race sponsored by the United Corporations of America. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Roh's Beauty","tags":" Sameh Abdulaziz Haifa Wehbe, Bassem Samra, Mohamed Lotfy, Ahmed Fathy, Nagua Fouad, Ahlam Al-Gritly, Karim El Abnoudi, Salah Abdullah, Hakim, Usha Hoping to earn money to support her son, a single mother sings in a nightclub, where danger lurks around every corner. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Roll Red Roll","tags":" Nancy Schwartzman  This compelling documentary follows the 2012 Steubenville, Ohio rape case, putting social media and high school football culture in the spotlight. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Rolling Papers","tags":" Mitch Dickman  As the newspaper industry takes a hit, The Denver Post breaks new ground with a section dedicated to cannabis culture. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Romeo Ranjha","tags":" Navaniat Singh Jazzy B, Garry Sandhu, Monica Bedi, Parul Gulati, Rana Ranbir, Yograj Singh, Rana Jung Bahadur, Sanga Jagir Two common boys travel from India to Thailand to find success and money, enjoying their friendship and finding ways to cheat the cheats. action,comedy,musicaction,comedy,music"},{"title":"Room","tags":" Lenny Abrahamson Brie Larson, Jacob Tremblay, Joan Allen, Sean Bridgers, Tom McCamus, William H. Macy, Cas Anvar, Amanda Brugel, Wendy Crewson, Sandy McMaster Kidnapped, confined to a tiny room and raped, a young woman gives birth to a son. When he reaches his fifth birthday, she begins plotting an escape. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Room for Rent","tags":" Matthew Atkinson Brett Gelman, Mark Little, Carla Gallo, Stephnie Weir, Patrick J. Adams, Mark McKinney To save his parents\u2019 home, a lottery-squandering 32-year-old man sublets a room to a disarmingly creepy tenant. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Room on the Broom","tags":" Max Lang, Jani Lachauer Simon Pegg, Gillian Anderson, Rob Brydon, Martin Clunes, Sally Hawkins, David Walliams, Timothy Spall A gentle witch with a ginger braid offers rides to a variety of animals on her increasingly crowded broom, much to her grumpy cat's chagrin. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Roonpi Secret Love","tags":"  Kanyawee Songmuang, Korapat Kirdpan High school senior Belle pursues a shy junior boy. Dog-phobic Emma meets a handsome veterinary student. Baking blogger Mielle falls for her critic. foregin,romance,showforegin,romance,show"},{"title":"Rosemary's Baby","tags":" Roman Polanski Mia Farrow, John Cassavetes, Ruth Gordon, Sidney Blackmer, Maurice Evans, Ralph Bellamy, Patsy Kelly, Elisha Cook Jr., Emmaline Henry, Charles Grodin A woman is thrilled to find out she's pregnant. But as her belly grows, the more certain she becomes that her unborn child is in serious danger. classic,suspense,suspenseclassic,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"Rounders","tags":" John Dahl Matt Damon, Edward Norton, John Turturro, Gretchen Mol, Famke Janssen, John Malkovich, Martin Landau, Michael Rispoli, Josh Mostel, Tom Aldredge A law student befriends and \"befoes\" a fellow gambling addict and a club owner, and tensions run high when they must come up with $15k in just 5 days. dramadrama"},{"title":"Royal Pains","tags":" Jay Chandrasekhar Mark Feuerstein, Paulo Costanzo, Reshma Shetty, Jill Flint, Campbell Scott, Brooke D'Orsay, Dieter Riesle Dr. Hank Lawson unexpectedly gets a career upgrade as a freelance physician treating New York's aristocratic upper crust in their posh Hamptons homes. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Rubi","tags":"  B\u00e1rbara Mori, Eduardo Santamarina, Sebasti\u00e1n Rulli, Jacqueline Bracamontes, Ana Mart\u00edn, Yadhira Carrillo, Miguel Pizarro, Manuel Landeta, Antonio Medellin, Ana Bertha Esp\u00edn, Jos\u00e9 El\u00edas Moreno, Olivia Bucio Ruby, jealous of her wealthy best friend Maribel, cooks up a scheme to marry a millionaire. Hector, Maribel's boyfriend, is her target. foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Rukh","tags":" Atanu Mukherjee Adarsh Gourav, Manoj Bajpayee, Smita Tambe, Kumud Mishra Following the untimely death of his father, a young man begins to reconnect with his family while uncovering some difficult truths. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Rumble","tags":" R. Ellis Frazier Gary Daniels, Luis Gatica, Sissi Fleitas, Eddie J. Fernandez, Fabi\u00e1n L\u00f3pez, Justin Nesbitt, Pedro Rodman Rodriguez An ex-MMA champion reduced to fixing fights in Mexico must win one last match to save his girlfriend, who's been kidnapped by the mob. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Rumble in the Bronx","tags":" Stanley Tong Jackie Chan, Anita Mui, Fran\u00e7oise Yip, Bill Tung, Marc Akerstream, Garvin Cross, Morgan Lam, Ailen Sit During a visit to the Bronx to help out at his uncle's store, a cheerful martial arts expert springs into action when a gang terrorizes the shop. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Rumor Has It","tags":" Rob Reiner Jennifer Aniston, Kevin Costner, Shirley MacLaine, Mark Ruffalo, Richard Jenkins, Christopher McDonald, Steve Sandvoss, Mena Suvari, Mike Vogel When Sarah travels to California for her sister's wedding, she hears a rumor that her family was the real-life inspiration for \"The Graduate.\" comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Run","tags":" Jeeva Abhishek Bachchan, Bhoomika Chawla, Mahesh Manjrekar, Vijay Raaz, Mukesh Rishi, Ayesha Jhulka, Anjan Srivastav, Goga Kapoor, Mukul Agarwal, Shweta Menon Siddharth falls in love with beautiful Jhanvi. But Jhanvi's brother Ganpat is overly possessive \u2013 and determined to destroy their relationship. action,foregin,musicaction,foregin,music"},{"title":"Runaway Bride","tags":" Garry Marshall Julia Roberts, Richard Gere, Joan Cusack, Hector Elizondo, Rita Wilson, Paul Dooley, Christopher Meloni, Donal Logue, Reg Rogers, Yul Vazquez, Jane Morris, Lisa Roberts, Kathleen Marshall, Jean Schertler, Tom Hines Sparks fly when a newspaper columnist writes a one-sided, sexist story about a commitment-phobic bride who abandoned three men at the altar. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Running for Grace","tags":" David L. Cunningham Ryan Potter, Matt Dillon, Jim Caviezel, Olivia Ritchie, Juliet Mills, Nick Boraine, Rumi Oyama In 1920s Hawaii, a young man of mixed race and the daughter of a white plantation owner must overcome racial and class prejudice to be together. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Running Out Of Time","tags":" Chris Stokes Tasha Smith, RonReaco Lee, Telma Hopkins, Sydney Elise Johnson, Sean Dominic, Dustin Harnish, Paul Logan, Kearia Schroeder, Michael Toland, Anton Peeples Held hostage by men searching for a secret her late husband left behind, a recent widow and her family race against time to find a way out. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Rurouni Kenshin","tags":"  Mayo Suzukaze, Miki Fujitani, Miina Tominaga, Yuji Ueda, Mika Doi, Yoshito Yasuhara, Hirotaka Suzuoki, Tomo Sakurai, Shuichi Ikeda A nomadic swordsman arrives at a martial arts school in Meiji-era Japan, where he lands in the middle of a conflict involving the opium trade. anime,foreginanime,foregin"},{"title":"Russell Madness","tags":" Robert Vince David Milchard, John Ratzenberger, Will Sasso, Mason Vale Cotton, John Hennigan, Sean Giambrone, Charles Robinson, Mckenna Grace, Kate Reinders, Fred Willard A spunky terrier named Russell with serious wrestling chops becomes a sports phenomenon with the help of his coach, a monkey named Hunk. family,comedy,sportsfamily,comedy,sports"},{"title":"Russell Peters vs. the World","tags":"  Russell Peters A four-part docu-series that's an exclusive, backstage pass to global comedy superstar Russell Peters' record-breaking \"Notorious\" world tour. documental,comedydocumental,comedy"},{"title":"Russell Peters: Notorious","tags":" Dave Higby Russell Peters Global comedy star Russell Peters leaves no ethnic or cultural stereotype unsatirized in this outrageous standup appearance in Sydney, Australia. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Rustom","tags":" Dharmendra Suresh Desai Akshay Kumar, Ileana D'Cruz, Arjan Bajwa, Esha Gupta, Pavan Malhotra, Parmeet Sethi, Sachin Khedekar, Anang Desai, Kumud Mishra, Brijendra Kala, Usha Nadkarni, Kanwaljeet Singh A decorated naval officer kills his wife's lover, leading to a sensational trial and a national obsession over passion versus premeditated murder. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"S Is for Stanley","tags":" Alex Infascelli  This film examines the complex life of iconic filmmaker Stanley Kubrick, as seen through the eyes of his devoted longtime driver, Emilio D'Alessandro. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"S.W.A.T.","tags":" Clark Johnson Samuel L. Jackson, Colin Farrell, Michelle Rodriguez, LL Cool J, Josh Charles, Jeremy Renner, Brian Van Holt, Olivier Martinez, Reg E. Cathey, Larry Poindexter, Page Kennedy, Domenick Lombardozzi, James DuMont A veteran cop is tasked with drafting and training a special weapons and tactics team, who soon find themselves up against an international criminal. actionaction"},{"title":"Saath Saath","tags":" Raman Kumar Deepti Naval, Farooq Shaikh, Satish Shah, Iftekhar, A.K. Hangal, Neena Gupta, Avtar Gill, Javed Khan A young woman falls for her classmate\u2019s idealistic, non-materialistic ways, but is troubled upon seeing his principles change after they marry. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Sacro GRA","tags":" Gianfranco Rosi  Italian filmmaker Gianfranco Rosi turns his eye to his own country, roaming and filming for over two years in a minivan on Rome's giant ring road. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Sadece Sen","tags":" Hakan Yonat Bel\u00e7im Bilgin, \u0130brahim \u00c7elikkol, Kerem Can, Necmi Yap\u0131c\u0131, Levent S\u00fcl\u00fcn, Bar\u0131\u015f Ardu\u00e7, Erol Gedik, Cezmi Bask\u0131n An ex-boxer falls in love with a blind woman and starts to build a new life, but his violent past returns to endanger them both. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sadie's Last Days on Earth","tags":" Michael Seater Morgan Taylor Campbell, Clark Backo, Ricardo Hoyos, Munro Chambers, Paula Brancati, Helene Joy, Peter Keleghan, George Stroumboulopoulos, John Ralston, Emilia McCarthy High schooler Sadie Mitchell believes the world is about to end \u2013 literally. Before it does, she sets out to kiss a boy and win back her best friend. comedy,fantasycomedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Sadma","tags":" Balu Mahendra Kamal Hassan, Sridevi, Silk Smitha, Gulshan Grover, Paintal, Arvind Deshpande After a traumatic injury leaves her with amnesia and age regression, a young woman is sold to a brothel before a teacher becomes her savior. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sadqay Tumhare","tags":" Ehtesham Uddin Mahira Khan, Samiya Mumtaz, Adnan Malik, Rehan Sheikh, Sanya Shamshad, Qavi Khan An arranged engagement between a village girl and her city cousin shows signs of true love, but an indiscretion decades ago could doom their romance. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Saeed Mirza: The Leftist Sufi","tags":" Kireet Khurana, Padmakumar Narasimhamurthy Saeed Akhtar Mirza This documentary profiles the celebrated Hindi film director known as much for his embrace of leftist politics and social concerns as lyrical cinema. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Safety Not Guaranteed","tags":" Colin Trevorrow Aubrey Plaza, Mark Duplass, Jake Johnson, Mary Lynn Rajskub, Jeff Garlin, Kristen Bell, Jenica Bergere, Karan Soni A team of journalists are sent to find out who's behind a classified ad seeking a companion for time travel, then must decide how to approach him. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Saheb Bibi Golaam","tags":" Pratim D. Gupta Anjan Dutt, Swastika Mukherjee, Ritwick Chakraborty, Parno Mittra, Bikram Chatterjee, Sohag Sen, Sumanta Mukherjee, Arun Mukhopadhyay A charming cabbie, a cop turned assassin and a housewife who\u2019s also a hooker share one thing in common: a bizarre and violent afternoon in Kolkata. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Sairat","tags":" Nagraj Manjule Rinku Rajguru, Akash Thosar, Arbaz Shaikh, Tanaji Galgunde, Suresh Vishwakarma When two college students \u2013 a rich man\u2019s daughter and a fisherman\u2019s son \u2013 defy social edicts by falling in love, violence erupts in their village. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sakhi","tags":" Sanjay Soorkar Ashok Saraf, Sonali Kulkarni, Subodh Bhave, Usha Nadkarni, Raghavendra Kadkol, Pushkar Shrotri, Lokesh Gupte, Santosh Juvekar, Jyoti Joshi, Kishor Mahabole Caught in a downward spiral of failed career moves, misguided ambitions and bad relations, a pair of lost souls find hope in an unexpected friendship. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Salem: His Sister's Father","tags":" Mohamed Hamdy Mohamed Ragab, Horeya Farghaly, Ayten Amer, Mohamed Al Shakankeery, Reem Al Baroudi, Badria Tolba, Hesham Ismail, Maher Essam, Hassan Abdulfattah, Aliaa Al-Husseini A street vendor's simple life is turned upside down after the Egyptian revolution of 2011, forcing him to contend with criminals and cops alike. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Samantaral","tags":" Partha Chakraborty Riddhi Sen, Parambrata Chatterjee, Soumitra Chatterjee, Aparajita Adhya, Tanusree Chakraborty, Kushal Chakraborty, Anindya Banerjee, Surangana Banerjee On a family visit, a young man and his girlfriend set out to discover why his eccentric uncle has been mysteriously confined to one room for years. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Samarppanam","tags":" K. Gopinathan Virginia Rodriguez, Anil Nedumangad, Santhosh Keezhattoor, Indrans, P. Balachandran, Renji Panicker, Gopalan When a young girl is killed in a suspicious train accident, three very different lives become intertwined in their quest for answers. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Sameer Abu Alneel","tags":" Amr Arafa Ahmed Mekky, Nicole Saba, Mohamed Lotfy, Hussien El Imam, Dina El-Sherbiny, Said Tarabeek, Alaa Morsy, Edward Fouad, Abdalah Mishrif, Youssef Eid Disliked for his stinginess, Samir finds his life turned upside down when he receives a windfall and launches a television channel. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Samson","tags":" Bruce MacDonald, Gabriel Sabloff Taylor James, Billy Zane, Lindsay Wagner, Caitlin Leahy, Rutger Hauer, Jackson Rathbone, Brandon Auret, Frances Sholto-Douglas, Greg Kriek The Biblical story of Samson becomes this sword-and-sandals epic about an Israelite warrior whose God-given brawn is undone by a beautiful temptress. action,drama,religionaction,drama,religion"},{"title":"San Pietro","tags":" John Huston  After the Allies invade Italy, the Liri Valley town of San Pietro becomes an example of the brutal effects of combat, both for soldiers and civilians. classic,documentalclassic,documental"},{"title":"Sanai Choughade","tags":" Rajeev Patil Shreyas Talpade, Subodh Bhave, Sai Tamhankar, Santosh Juvekar, Tushar Dalvi, Bharti Aacharekar In an effort to honor the family matriarch's dying wish, Urmila and her husband, Shrikant, embark on a quest to find a husband for charismatic yet choosey Sai. But some things are easier said than done. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Sangam","tags":" Raj Kapoor Raj Kapoor, Vyjayanthimala, Rajendra Kumar, Lalita Pawar, Achala Sachdev, Hari Shivdasani, Raj Mehra, Iftekhar Returning home from war after being assumed dead, a pilot weds the woman he has long loved, unaware that she had been planning to marry his best friend. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Santa Claws","tags":" Glenn Miller Nicola Lambo, Evan Boymel, John P. Fowler, Erica Duke, Ezra James Colbert When a gift sack full of kittens gives Santa a bad allergic reaction, the kitties have to take over and deliver the presents on time. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Santa's Apprentice","tags":" Luc Vinciguerra Julie Gayet, Jean-Pierre Marielle, Lor\u00e0nt Deutsch, Bruno Salomone, Pierre-Fran\u00e7ois Martin-Laval, Didier Brice, Beno\u00eet Allemane, Nathan Simony, Daniela Duspara, Max Cullen Young orphan Nicolas learns how to guide a sleigh, slide down chimneys and other duties he'll need when he becomes the next Santa Claus. familyfamily"},{"title":"Sarah's Key","tags":" Gilles Paquet-Brenner Aidan Quinn, Kristin Scott Thomas, Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Pierrot, Michel Duchaussoy, Dominique Frot, Niels Arestrup, M\u00e9lusine Mayance, Gis\u00e8le Casadesus, Natasha Mashkevich Paris, 1942: To protect her brother from the police arresting Jewish families, a young girl hides him away, promising to come back for him. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Sardaar ji","tags":" Rohit Jugraj Diljit Dosanjh, Neeru Bajwa, Mandy Takhar, Jaswinder Bhalla, Ali Kazmi, Anita Kailey, Daman Singh, Sanju Salonki, Amrit Pal, Jatinder Lall, Avy Randhawa When a palatial wedding venue turns out to be haunted, one of the families hosting the wedding hires a fearless Sikh to deal with the ghost. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Sardaarji 2","tags":" Rohit Jugraj Jaswinder Bhalla, Sonam Bajwa, Diljit Dosanjh, Monica Gill A simple farmer's life becomes complicated after he resolves to save his village from an economic crisis by traveling to Australia to earn money. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Sarivar Sari","tags":" Gajendra Ahire Madhura Velankar, Mohan Joshi, Nina Kulkarni, Manasi Salvi, Milind Gunaji, Shreyas Talpade, Bharat Jadhav Raised in working-class Mumbai, Manisha has an independent spirit that angers her father, who favors Manisha's medical student sister, Mini. Things reach a breaking point when Manisha's father beats her for accepting a modeling contract. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Sarvopari Palakkaran","tags":" Venugopan Anoop Menon, Alencier Ley Lopez, Balu Varghese, Aparna Balamurali, Anu Sithara, Gayathri Arun, Nandu, Chali Pala In the course of a human trafficking investigation, a conservative cop crosses paths with an artist-activist in a clash of worldviews. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Sat Sri Akal","tags":" Kamal Sahani Kimi Verma, Manpreet Singh, Arun Bali, Dolly Minhas, Avtar Gill, Manmeet Singh, Neelu Kohli, Vivek Shaq, Nirmal Rishi, Pooja Tandon Based on true events, this moving story centers on a Punjabi family whose celebration of their faith endures in the face of conflicting attitudes. drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Satan & Adam","tags":" V. Scott Balcerek Sterling Magee, Adam Gussow An aging blues guitarist and a grad student form an unlikely duo while busking on the street corners of 1980s Harlem. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Satrangi Re","tags":" Aditya Sarpotdar Amruta Khanvilkar, Vidyadhar Joshi, Subodh Bhave Friends in their last year of college contemplate the future of their band as they juggle questions of love, work, family and identity. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Satte Pe Satta","tags":" Raj N. Sippy Amitabh Bachchan, Hema Malini, Amjad Khan, Sachin, Shakti Kapoor, Ranjeeta Kaur, Paintal, Ranjeet The eldest of seven brothers who run a family farm together marries a pretty nurse, inspiring his country-bumpkin siblings to follow his example. comedy,classic,dramacomedy,classic,drama"},{"title":"Saturday Church","tags":" Damon Cardasis Luka Kain, Regina Taylor, Margot Bingham, Marquis Rodriguez, Mj Rodriguez, Indya Moore, Alexia Garcia, Kate Bornstein, Peter Kim, Jaylin Fletcher A teen struggling with gender identity and family tensions seeks hope and support in New York City's underground LGBTQ ballroom community. drama,lgbtdrama,lgbt"},{"title":"Savage Dog","tags":" Jesse V. Johnson Scott Adkins, Juju Chan, Marko Zaror, Vladimir Kulich, Charles Fathy, Matthew Marsden, Keith David, Luke Massy A former professional boxer serving time in a brutal labor camp must fight incredible odds to gain his freedom and avenge an act of violence. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Savage Raghda","tags":" Mahmoud Karim Ramez Galal, Riham Hagag, Bayyumi Fuad, Entessar, Ahmed Fathy, Mohammed Tharwat Desperate to support his son, a single father uses his talent with makeup to dress up as a woman to try out for a part in a commercial. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Save Our Shelter","tags":"  Rocky Kanaka, Rob North Pet rescue expert Rocky Kanaka and renovation specialist Rob North travel across North America, transforming animal shelters to help homeless pets. showshow"},{"title":"Saving Mr. Banks","tags":" John Lee Hancock Emma Thompson, Tom Hanks, Paul Giamatti, Jason Schwartzman, Colin Farrell, Bradley Whitford, Annie Buckley, Ruth Wilson, B.J. Novak, Rachel Griffiths, Kathy Baker, Melanie Paxson, Andy McPhee, Jerry Hauck, Mia Serafino, Michelle Arthur, Demetrius Grosse, Steven Cabral, David Ross Paterson, Ronan Vibert, Luke Baines, Dendrie Taylor, Laura Waddell, Paul Tassone When Walt Disney sets his sights on obtaining the rights to the children's classic \"Mary Poppins,\" the book's author proves a tough nut to crack. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Saving Zo\u00eb","tags":" Jeffrey G. Hunt Laura Marano, Vanessa Marano, Christopher Tavarez, Giorgia Whigham, Michael Provost, Nathaniel Buzolic, Ken Jeong, Annie Jacob, Evan Castelloe, Whitney Goin, Jason Davis A reserved high school freshman acts out when she recovers a diary that offers clues to a secret world that could be behind her sister's murder. dramadrama"},{"title":"Say When","tags":" Lynn Shelton Keira Knightley, Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz, Sam Rockwell, Kaitlyn Dever, Jeff Garlin, Ellie Kemper, Mark Webber, Daniel Zovatto, Kevin Seal, Ernie Joseph, Louis Hobson, Dylan Arnold, Mari Nelson, Sean Nelson, Omar Silva, Aaron Washington, Sara Coates, Gretchen Mol, Basil Harris Desperately clinging to her youth, 28-year-old Megan tells her boyfriend she's attending a career seminar but hangs out with a teenage friend instead. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Scales: Mermaids Are Real","tags":" Kevan Peterson Emmy Perry, Morgan Fairchild, Elisabeth R\u00f6hm, Nikki Hahn, Jack Dylan Grazer, Stephen Snedden, Noree Victoria, Sterling Sulieman A seemingly ordinary girl learns she will turn into a mermaid on her 12th birthday and be forced to leave her life on land behind. familyfamily"},{"title":"Scandal","tags":"  Kerry Washington, Columbus Short, Darby Stanchfield, Katie Lowes, Guillermo D\u00edaz, Joshua Malina, Jeff Perry, Bellamy Young, Tony Goldwyn, Scott Foley A powerful team of Washington, D.C. lawyers makes scandals disappear while handling government crises and coping with problems of their own. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Scandal in Sorrento","tags":" Dino Risi Vittorio De Sica, Sophia Loren, Lea Padovani, Antonio Cifariello, Tina Pica, Mario Carotenuto, Yoka Berretty, Virgilio Riento, Clara Crispo, Pasquale Misiano When a marshal moves back to his hometown, he finds a woman renting his property who refuses to leave but soon captures his affection. classic,comedy,foreginclassic,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Scary Movie","tags":" Keenen Ivory Wayans Anna Faris, Jon Abrahams, Shannon Elizabeth, Shawn Wayans, Regina Hall, Marlon Wayans, Lochlyn Munro, Cheri Oteri, Carmen Electra, Dave Sheridan, Kurt Fuller, Rick Ducommun, James Van Der Beek, Keenen Ivory Wayans, Marissa Jaret Winokur, Dan Joffre The Wayans brothers spoof some of Hollywood's biggest blockbusters, including Scream, I Know What You Did Last Summer, The Matrix and American Pie. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"Scary Movie 5","tags":" Malcolm D. Lee Simon Rex, Ashley Tisdale, Charlie Sheen, Lindsay Lohan, Gracie Whitton, Ava Kolker, Erica Ash, Lidia Porto, Katrina Bowden, Terry Crews Taking aim at not only the horror genre but also films like \"Black Swan\" and \"Inception,\" \"Scary Movie 5\" widens the franchise's scope of mockery. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"Schindler's List","tags":" Steven Spielberg Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley, Ralph Fiennes, Caroline Goodall, Jonathan Sagall, Embeth Davidtz, Ma\u0142gorzata Gebel, Shmulik Levy, Mark Ivanir, Beatrice Macola, Friedrich von Thun, Andrzej Seweryn Oskar Schindler becomes an unlikely humanitarian, spending his entire fortune to help save 1,100 Jews from Auschwitz during World War II. classic,dramaclassic,drama"},{"title":"School Daze","tags":" Spike Lee Laurence Fishburne, Giancarlo Esposito, Tisha Campbell-Martin, Kyme, Joe Seneca, Ellen Holly, Art Evans, Ossie Davis, Bill Nunn, James Bond III At a Historically Black College, a student activist and his cousin pledging a fraternity navigate social divides amid parties, protests and conflicts. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island","tags":" Hiroshi Aoyama, Kazumi Fukushima, Jim Stenstrum Scott Innes, Billy West, Mary Kay Bergman, Frank Welker, B.J. Ward, Adrienne Barbeau, Tara Strong, Cam Clarke, Mark Hamill When Daphne's TV show does a segment on real monsters, the gang fires up the Mystery Machine and heads to Moonscar Island, where zombies await. familyfamily"},{"title":"Scott Pilgrim vs. the World","tags":" Edgar Wright Michael Cera, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Kieran Culkin, Chris Evans, Anna Kendrick, Brie Larson, Alison Pill, Aubrey Plaza, Brandon Routh, Jason Schwartzman, Mark Webber, Mae Whitman, Johnny Simmons, Ellen Wong Dreamy delivery girl Ramona captures Scott Pilgrim's heart, but he must vanquish all seven of her evil exes in martial arts battles to win her love. action,comedy,classicaction,comedy,classic"},{"title":"Scream 2","tags":" Wes Craven Neve Campbell, David Arquette, Courteney Cox, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Jamie Kennedy, Laurie Metcalf, Elise Neal, Jerry O'Connell, Timothy Olyphant, Jada Pinkett Smith, Liev Schreiber, Lewis Arquette, Duane Martin, Rebecca Gayheart, Portia de Rossi, Omar Epps, Tori Spelling, Heather Graham, Joshua Jackson, Luke Wilson Gale has written a best-seller which has been turned into a film. As the movie premiere looms closer, the mysterious deaths begin again. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Scream 3","tags":" Wes Craven David Arquette, Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, Patrick Dempsey, Scott Foley, Lance Henriksen, Matt Keeslar, Jenny McCarthy, Emily Mortimer, Parker Posey, Deon Richmond, Kelly Rutherford, Liev Schreiber, Patrick Warburton, Jamie Kennedy This installment of the tongue-in-cheek horror franchise finds Sidney Prescott once again battling a crazed killer \u2013 this time, on a movie set. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Seal Team Six: The Raid on Osama Bin Laden","tags":" John Stockwell Cam Gigandet, Anson Mount, Freddy Rodr\u00edguez, Xzibit, Kathleen Robertson, Robert Knepper, Eddie Kaye Thomas, Kenneth Miller, William Fichtner, Jenny Gabrielle, Mo Gallini In this dramatic recreation, U.S. Navy SEAL Team 6 trains for a critical mission, then executes a tough nighttime raid on Osama Bin Laden's compound. actionaction"},{"title":"Searching for Bobby Fischer","tags":" Steven Zaillian Max Pomeranc, Joe Mantegna, Joan Allen, Ben Kingsley, Laurence Fishburne, William H. Macy, Laura Linney, David Paymer, Michael Nirenberg, Robert Stephens When a father learns that his 7-year-old son is a whiz at speed chess, he hires an implacable chess master to coach the boy for competitions. family,classic,dramafamily,classic,drama"},{"title":"Searching for Sugar Man","tags":" Malik Bendjelloul Rodriguez Decades after Detroit singer-songwriter Rodriguez disappeared following the commercial failure of his albums, two fans try to track down their idol. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Season of the Witch","tags":" Dominic Sena Nicolas Cage, Ron Perlman, Christopher Lee, Stephen Campbell Moore, Stephen Graham, Ulrich Thomsen, Claire Foy, Robert Sheehan, Kevin Rees, Andrew Hefler A group of weary warriors transport a suspected witch believed to be responsible for spreading the devastating Black Plague. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Secret","tags":" Jay Chou Jay Chou, Lun-Mei Kwai, Anthony Wong Chau-Sang, Kai-xuan Tseng, Devon Song, Jun Lang Huang, Zhan Yuhao Enchanted by a pretty pianist and the haunting melody she plays, a musical prodigy falls in love. But a secret soon threatens to derail their romance. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Secret Affair","tags":"  Hee-ae Kim, Ah-in Yoo, Hye-jin Shim, Hyuk-kwon Park, Hye-eun Kim, Soo-jin Kyung, Yong-gun Kim, Chang-wan Kim, Tae-hwan Choi, Kan-hie Lee A married middle-aged woman is swept off her feet, both romantically and artistically, by a gifted young pianist. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Secret in Their Eyes","tags":" Billy Ray Chiwetel Ejiofor, Nicole Kidman, Julia Roberts, Dean Norris, Michael Kelly, Joe Cole, Zoe Graham, Alfred Molina A former FBI investigator reopens the haunting 13-year-old murder case of his colleague, only to uncover shocking truths hidden since then. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Secrets of Althorp - The Spencers","tags":" Kasia Uscinska Samuel West Princess Diana's brother, Charles, the ninth Earl Spencer, leads a tour of Althorp House, the manor the Spencer family has called home for 500 years. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Secrets of Chatsworth","tags":" Susannah Ward Samuel West Tales of tragedy and scandal unfold through the history of Chatsworth, a grand estate that has been home to some of England's most noted aristocrats. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Secrets of Henry VIII's Palace: Hampton Court","tags":" Sam Taplin Samuel West The history of this grand 500-year-old palace is inextricably tied to the lavish lifestyle of King Henry VIII and the doomed fates of his six wives. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Secrets of Her Majesty's Secret Service","tags":" Kasia Uscinska Samuel West This documentary spotlights more than 100 years of operatives and operations in the U.K.'s secret service, the world's oldest intelligence agency. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Secrets of Highclere Castle","tags":" Vicky Matthews Samuel West Known as the setting of \"Downton Abbey,\" Highclere Castle truly was the home of aristocrats and an army of servants, with a rich past to share. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Secrets of Scotland Yard","tags":" Susannah Ward Samuel West Revisit famous cases and explore the history of Scotland Yard, one of the world's oldest detective forces and a name synonymous with crime solving. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Secrets of Selfridges","tags":" Sam Taplin Samuel West American Harry Gordon Selfridge introduced Londoners to a new retail model that made shopping less of a practical pursuit and more of an adventure. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Secrets of the Tower of London","tags":" Vicky Matthews Samuel West Explore the storied history of the iconic Tower of London as it evolved from a royal castle into a dungeon prison and, finally, an armory and mint. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Secrets of Underground London","tags":" Vicky Matthews, Gareth Sacala Samuel West Experts examine the ruins and relics hidden beneath London's surface, unearthing a Roman amphitheater, plague pits, air raid shelters and more. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Secrets of Westminster","tags":" Louise Wardle Samuel West Take an insider's tour of Parliament, Big Ben and Westminster Abbey to discover the little-known history and pageantry of these famous buildings. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Sen Kimsin?","tags":" Ozan A\u00e7\u0131ktan Tolga \u00c7evik, K\u00f6ksal Eng\u00fcr, Pelin K\u00f6rm\u00fck\u00e7\u00fc, Toprak Sergen, Zeynep \u00d6zder Desperate for cash, klutzy private investigator Tekin searches for a wealthy woman's missing girl but faces one surprise and mishap after another. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Senna","tags":" Asif Kapadia Ayrton Senna, Alain Prost, Frank Williams This fast-paced documentary profiles Ayrton Senna, one of the greatest drivers in the history of Formula One racing, and a hero in his native Brazil. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Sensitive Skin","tags":"  Kim Cattrall, Don McKellar, Nicolas Wright, Joanna Gleason, Colm Feore, Cl\u00e9 Bennett, Bob Martin, Elliott Gould Davina and Al try to revamp their lives as they struggle with the uncertainties of middle age in this darkly comic adaptation of the British hit. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Septiembre, un llanto en silencio","tags":" Kenneth M\u00fcller Sa\u00fal Lisazo, Mario Zaragoza, Juan Pablo Olyslager, Costanza Andrade After a terrorist attack in Guatemala, a baby is rendered deaf and motherless and her father is left to raise her alone. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Servant of the People","tags":"  Vladimir Zelenskiy, Natalya Sumskaya, Viktor Saraykin, Stanislav Boklan, Ekaterina Kisten, Anna Koshmal, Yelena Kravets, Aleksandr Pikalov, Evgeniy Koshevoy, Yuri Krapov After a Ukrainian high school teacher's tirade against government corruption goes viral on social media, he finds himself the country's new president. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Set Up","tags":" Mike Gunther 50 Cent, Ryan Phillippe, Bruce Willis, Rory Markham, Jenna Dewan, Brett Granstaff, Randy Couture, Susie Abromeit, Ron Turner, James Remar A diamond heist goes horribly wrong, and the group of friends who sought to make a fortune must instead fight for their very survival. actionaction"},{"title":"Sex and the City 2","tags":" Michael Patrick King Sarah Jessica Parker, Kim Cattrall, Cynthia Nixon, Kristin Davis, Chris Noth, John Corbett, David Eigenberg, Evan Handler, Jason Lewis, Willie Garson, Mario Cantone Best friends Carrie, Miranda, Samantha and Charlotte take a break from their busy New York lives for an all-expenses-paid luxury vacation to Abu Dhabi. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Sex and the City: The Movie","tags":" Michael Patrick King Sarah Jessica Parker, Kim Cattrall, Kristin Davis, Cynthia Nixon, Chris Noth, Candice Bergen, Jennifer Hudson, David Eigenberg, Evan Handler, Jason Lewis, Mario Cantone, Lynn Cohen When Carrie's big step forward in her relationship goes awry, best friends Charlotte, Miranda and Samantha are there to help her pick up the pieces. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Sex Doll","tags":" Sylvie Verheyde Hafsia Herzi, Ash Stymest, Karole Rocher, Paul Hamy, Ira Max, Lindsay Karamoh, Myriam Djeljeli A high-end call girl falls for a handsome man she meets at a nightclub, but he harbors a secret that throws a wrench in their relationship. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Sexo, Pudor y Lagrimas","tags":" Antonio Serrano Demi\u00e1n Bichir, Susana Zabaleta, Jorge Salinas, Cecilia Su\u00e1rez, Victor Huggo Martin, M\u00f3nica Dionne, Ang\u00e9lica Arag\u00f3n, Laura Almela Passions flare and alliances form when neighbors Ana and Miguel each start an affair with former lovers, right under their spouses' noses. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"SGT. Will Gardner","tags":" Max Martini Max Martini, Omari Hardwick, Lily Rabe, Elisabeth R\u00f6hm, Robert Patrick, Dermot Mulroney, Gary Sinise, JoBeth Williams, Luis Bordonada, Leo Martini A homeless vet who has PTSD steals a motorcycle and hits the road, trying to sort out what life means now that war is in the rear-view mirror. dramadrama"},{"title":"Shadow of Truth","tags":"   This documentary series explores the explosive 2006 murder case of a 13-year-old Israeli girl and the subsequent conviction of a Ukrainian immigrant. action,documental,foreginaction,documental,foregin"},{"title":"Shahanpan Dega Deva","tags":" Sudesh Manjrekar Bharat Jadhav, Ankush Chaudhari, Siddarth Jadhav, Santosh Juvekar, Vaibhav Mangale, Kranti Redkar, Manava Naik At large in the city, five inmates of a mental asylum run up against the insanity of the outside world while trying to prevent a terrorist plot. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Shaka Zulu","tags":"  Edward Fox, Robert Powell, Trevor Howard, Fiona Fullerton, Christopher Lee, Henry Cele, Dudu Mkhize, Roy Dotrice, Gordon Jackson, Kenneth Griffith, Conrad Magwaza, Patrick Ndlovu, Roland Mqwebu, Gugu Nxumalo, Tu Nokwe This miniseries recounts the early 19th-century conflict between the expanding British Empire in Africa and Shaka, the leader of the vast Zulu Nation. dramadrama"},{"title":"Shakti: The Power","tags":" Krishna Vamshi Karisma Kapoor, Nana Patekar, Sanjay Kapoor, Shah Rukh Khan, Deepti Naval, Vijay Raaz, Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti, Divya Dutta, Prakash Raj A young mother must break free of the clutches of her husband's feudal family and bring herself and her young child to safety. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Shanghai","tags":" Dibakar Banerjee Emraan Hashmi, Abhay Deol, Prasenjit Chatterjee, Kalki Koechlin, Supriya Pathak, Tillotama Shome, Anant Jog, Pitobash, Farooq Shaikh, Arvind Goswami Three disparate characters uncover government corruption as a small Indian town receives an influx of foreign money to turn it into the next Shanghai. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Shararat","tags":" Gurudev Bhalla Abhishek Bachchan, Hrishitaa Bhatt, Amrish Puri, Mohnish Bahl, Helen, Om Puri, Ashish Vidyarthi, A.K. Hangal, Tinnu Anand, Daisy Irani, Dara Singh, Viju Khote, Shubha Khote Unable to bribe his way out of a reckless driving charge, an arrogant rich kid is sentenced to community service at a home for senior citizens. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Shark Busters","tags":" Herman Yau Danny Lee, Hui Siu-Hung, Lam Suet, Alfred Cheung, Brian Ireland, Ken Lo, Lai Suk-Yin, Yeung Tin-King, Fung Hak-On, Jamie Luk Hit by a media storm over his own mounting debts, a police officer leads an investigation against the loan sharks behind a sinister credit scheme. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Shark Night","tags":" David R. Ellis Sara Paxton, Dustin Milligan, Chris Carmack, Katharine McPhee, Donal Logue, Joshua Leonard, Sinqua Walls, Chris Zylka, Alyssa Diaz, Joel David Moore A weekend of beach-house debauchery turns into a nightmare for a group of friends when they discover that the waters are infested with vicious sharks. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Shaurya: It Takes Courage to Make Right... Right","tags":" Samar Khan Rahul Bose, Javed Jaffrey, Minissha Lamba, Seema Biswas, Deepak Dobriyal, Kay Kay Menon, Amrita Rao, Rosa Catalano, Subrat Dutta, Priyesh Kaushik Courtroom intrigue plays out against a backdrop of military secrets in this Bollywood drama with a plot that's reminiscent of A Few Good Men. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"She Did That","tags":"  Luvvie Ajayi, Renae Bluitt, Melissa Butler, Lisa Price, Tonya Rapley Go inside the lives of extraordinary, black female entrepreneurs as they discuss building legacies and pioneering a new future for the next generation. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Shelter","tags":" M\u00e5ns M\u00e5rlind, Bj\u00f6rn Stein Julianne Moore, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Jeffrey DeMunn, Frances Conroy, Nate Corddry, Brooklynn Proulx, Brian Anthony Wilson, Joyce Feurring, Steven Rishard, Charles Techman A forensic psychiatrist has to think outside the box when she takes on a patient whose multiple personalities lead to a trail of murder victims. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Sherlock","tags":"  Benedict Cumberbatch, Martin Freeman, Una Stubbs, Rupert Graves, Mark Gatiss, Andrew Scott In this updated take on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's beloved mystery tales, the eccentric sleuth prowls the streets of modern London in search of clues. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"Sherlock Holmes","tags":" Guy Ritchie Robert Downey Jr., Jude Law, Rachel McAdams, Mark Strong, Eddie Marsan, Robert Maillet, Geraldine James, Kelly Reilly, William Houston, James Fox, Hans Matheson The game is afoot for an eccentric detective who must use his brains and brawn to track down a nefarious nemesis with the help of his partner. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Shiva","tags":" Ram Gopal Varma Nagarjuna Akkineni, Amala, Rajendranath Zutshi, Raghuvaran, Paresh Rawal, Brij Gopal, J.D. Chakravarthi, Tanikella Bharani A young man enrolls at a college and becomes a rival to the student-union president, who\u2019s using force and intimidation to advance his criminal agenda. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Shorgul","tags":" Jitendra Tiwari, Pranav Singh Ashutosh Rana, Jimmy Shergill, Suha Gezen, Sanjay Suri, Narendra Jha, Hiten Tejwani, Eijaz Khan, Aniruddha Dave A Hindu boy's feelings for a Muslim girl expose the tensions between their two communities and open the door to chaos and violence. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Short Term 12","tags":" Destin Daniel Cretton Brie Larson, John Gallagher Jr., Kaitlyn Dever, Rami Malek, Lakeith Stanfield, Kevin Hernandez, Melora Walters, Stephanie Beatriz, Lydia Du Veaux, Alex Calloway, Frantz Turner A new charge at a foster care facility dredges up the memories of a young supervisor's own troubled past, and her tough exterior begins eroding. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Shorts","tags":" Robert Rodriguez Jimmy Bennett, Jake Short, Kat Dennings, Trevor Gagnon, Devon Gearhart, Jolie Vanier, Rebel Rodriguez, Leo Howard, Leslie Mann, Jon Cryer, William H. Macy, James Spader Chaos erupts when locals learn that an 11-year-old boy has discovered a mysterious rock that grants the wishes of whoever possesses it. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"SHOT! The Psycho-Spiritual Mantra of Rock","tags":" Barney Clay Mick Rock Aptly named iconic rock photographer Mick Rock reconstructs his journey through the thrilling and murky universe of rock 'n' roll history. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Shuddhi","tags":" Adarsh Eshwarappa Lauren Spartano, Niveditha, Amrutha Karagada, Shashank Purushotham, Sidhartha Maadhyamika, Ajay Raj, Sanchari Vijay, Veena Sundar An American woman on a revenge mission travels to India and befriends two journalists seeking justice for violent crimes against women. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Shutter","tags":" Banjong Pisanthanakun, Parkpoom Wongpoom Ananda Everingham, Natthaweeranuch Thongmee, Achita Sikamana, Unnop Chanpaibool, Titikarn Tongprasearth, Sivagorn Muttamara, Chachchaya Chalemphol, Kachormsak Naruepatr After killing a young girl in a hit-and-run accident, a couple is haunted by more than just the memory of their deadly choice. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Sicilian Ghost Story","tags":" Fabio Grassadonia, Antonio Piazza Julia Jedlikowska, Gaetano Fernandez, Corinne Musallari, Lorenzo Curcio, Andrea Falzone, Federico Finocchiaro, Vincenzo Amato, Sabine Timoteo When officials are slow to investigate a mysterious disappearance, a teen girl searches the dark woods on the outskirts of town for the boy she loves. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Sid the Science Kid","tags":"  Drew Massey, Julianne Buescher, Victor Yerrid, Alice Dinnean, Donna Kimball, John Munro Cameron, Kristin Charney Armed with a healthy sense of humor and the help of his teacher, friends and family, curious kid Sid tackles questions youngsters have about science. familyfamily"},{"title":"Siddhant","tags":" Vivek Wagh Vikram Gokhale, Swati Chitnis, Kishore Kadam, Ganesh Yadav, Sarang Sathaye, Archit Deodhar, Madhavi Soman, Neha Mahajan A principled mathematics teacher is shocked to discover that his grandson used unethical means to achieve academic success. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Silencer","tags":" Timothy Woodward Jr. Johnny Messner, Danny Trejo, Tito Ortiz, Chuck Liddell, Robert LaSardo, Nikki Leigh, Kai Scarlett Williams, Marlene Marquez When a drug lord kidnaps his girlfriend\u2019s daughter, a retired assassin leaves his newly peaceful life to go on a ruthless rampage to rescue the child. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Silent Hill: Revelation","tags":" M.J. Bassett Deborah Kara Unger, Adelaide Clemens, Sean Bean, Malcolm McDowell, Carrie-Anne Moss, Radha Mitchell, Martin Donovan, Kit Harington Haunted by nightmares and her father's disappearance, Heather goes on the hunt for him \u2013 and discovers a disturbing truth about her own identity. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Silicon Cowboys","tags":" Jason Cohen  This documentary tells the story of Compaq Computer and its three founders, who in 1982, took on Goliath IBM at the height of its PC dominance. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Silver Spoon","tags":"  Pavel Priluchnyy, Karina Razumovskaya, Dmitry Shevchenko, Denis Shvedov, Alexander Oblasov, Igor Zhizhikin, Bogdan Stypka, Alexander Dyachenko Forced to become an apprentice cop, cocky playboy Igor finds he's got a knack for police work. But his job soon takes him down a dark personal path. action,foregin,actionaction,foregin,action"},{"title":"Sin senos no hay para\u00edso","tags":"  Carmen Villalobos, Catherine Siachoque, Mar\u00eda Fernanda Y\u00e9pez, Ramiro Meneses, Juan Diego S\u00e1nchez, Ayl\u00edn Mujica, Fabi\u00e1n R\u00edos, Roberto Mateos Inspired by a true story, this TV drama shadows a young Colombian woman who goes to shocking lengths to escape a life of poverty. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Sin Senos s\u00ed Hay Para\u00edso","tags":"  Majida Issa, Fabi\u00e1n R\u00edos, Catherine Siachoque, Carolina Gait\u00e1n, Juan Pablo Urrego, Francisco Bol\u00edvar, Johanna Fadul, Jennifer Arenas, Luigi Aycardi, Juan Pablo Llano, C\u00e9sar Mora, Juli\u00e1n Beltr\u00e1n, Stefan\u00eda G\u00f3mez, Diana Acevedo, Joselyn Gallardo, Jairo Ordo\u00f1ez, Oscar Salazar, Gregorio Pern\u00eda, Carolina Sep\u00falveda Born into a small town controlled by the mafia, an irate young woman seeks revenge on the forces that tore apart and wrongfully imprisoned her family. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Singh Saab the Great","tags":" Anil Sharma Sunny Deol, Urvashi Rautela, Prakash Raj, Amrita Rao, Anjali Abrol, Johnny Lever, Sanjay Mishra, Yashpal Sharma, Manoj Pahwa, Raj Premi As the result of a TV journalist's curiosity, the amazing saga of an honorable government tax collector's past comes to light. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Single","tags":" Raditya Dika Raditya Dika, Annisa Rawles, Chandra Liow, Pandji Pragiwaksono, Babe Cabita, Elvira Devinamira, Tinna Harahap, Pevita Pearce, Rinna Hassim, Dede Yusuf, Dewi Hughes Unemployed and immature, a somewhat pathetic bachelor sets his sights on finding a date for the wedding of his younger, more successful brother. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Singularity","tags":" Robert Kouba Julian Schaffner, John Cusack, Jeannine Wacker, Carmen Argenziano, Eileen Grubba, Pavlo Bubryak Nearly a century after artificial intelligence tried to eradicate people from Earth, two survivors search for a human enclave rumored to still exist. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Sinister Circle","tags":" Dorian Fern\u00e1ndez-Moris Milene V\u00e1zquez, Mat\u00edas Raygada, Claudia Dammert, Marcello Rivera, Atilia Boschetti, Hern\u00e1n Romero, Ismael Contreras, Pietro Sibille, Leslie Shaw A psychologist and her mute son confront evil forces at the site of a terrible tragedy involving an ancestral Ouija board and a demonic secret society. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Siren","tags":" Gregg Bishop Chase Williamson, Hannah Fierman, Justin Welborn, Hayes Mercure, Michael Aaron Milligan, Brittany S. Hall, Randy McDowell, Lindsey Garrett, William Mark McCullough, Patrick Wood A groom-to-be and his pals celebrate with a debauched night out that ends with a supernatural assault by a stripper who is not what she appears to be. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Sister Code","tags":" Corey Grant Drew Sidora, Eva Marcille, Amber Rose, Marcus T. Paulk, Erica Ash, Essence Atkins, Amin Joseph, Rolonda Watts, Brooklyn McLinn, Don Hale Jr., Duane Martin, Anne-Marie Johnson After the death of their beloved mother, three foster sisters find their bond tested by old grudges, career tensions and a startling revelation. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Skin Trade","tags":" Ekachai Uekrongtham Dolph Lundgren, Tony Jaa, Ron Perlman, Celina Jade, Peter Weller, Michael Jai White, Sahajak Boonthanakit, Mike Dopud A New Jersey detective whose family was killed by an international gangster teams up with a Bangkok cop on a quest to bring down a criminal empire. actionaction"},{"title":"Skin Wars","tags":"  Rebecca Romijn, RuPaul, Robin Slonina, Craig Tracy Artists test their creativity and body painting skills as they face off in a series of elaborate challenges, vying for a grand prize of $100,000. showshow"},{"title":"Skin Wars: Fresh Paint","tags":"  RuPaul In each episode of this \"Skin Wars\" spinoff hosted by RuPaul, talented artists from various fields compete in body art for the first time. showshow"},{"title":"Skiptrace","tags":" Renny Harlin Jackie Chan, Johnny Knoxville, Fan Bingbing, Eric Tsang, Eve Torres, Winston Chao To capture a crime lord who killed his partner and kidnapped his partner's daughter, a Hong Kong detective teams with a smart aleck American gambler. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Sky on Fire","tags":" Ringo Lam Daniel Wu, Joseph Chang, Amber Kuo, Zhang Jingchu, Ruoyun Zhang The security chief at a top-level medical facility must fight to ensure that revolutionary cancer research doesn't fall into the wrong hands. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Skydancers","tags":" Fredric Lean  Only a few women pilots take part in the sport of aerobatics. Director Fredric Lean captures their powerful spirit at the World Aerobatic Championships. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Skyline","tags":" Colin Strause, Greg Strause Eric Balfour, Scottie Thompson, Brittany Daniel, Crystal Reed, Neil Hopkins, David Zayas, Donald Faison, Robin Gammell, Tanya Newbould, J. Paul Boehmer After a wild night of partying, Terry discovers that he's one of the few people left on Earth, then sets out to solve the mystery of what happened. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Sleeping with Other People","tags":" Leslye Headland Jason Sudeikis, Alison Brie, Adam Scott, Jason Mantzoukas, Natasha Lyonne, Adam Brody, Amanda Peet Many years after hooking up in college, two people cross paths and realize they are both serial philanderers who need each other's help to reform. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Sleepover","tags":" Joe Nussbaum Alexa PenaVega, Mika Boorem, Jane Lynch, Sam Huntington, Sara Paxton, Brie Larson, Scout Taylor-Compton, Douglas Smith, Katija Pevec, Steve Carell, Jeff Garlin As high school approaches, four best friends have a summer sleepover and participate in a scavenger hunt against their popular archrivals. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Sling Blade","tags":" Billy Bob Thornton Billy Bob Thornton, Dwight Yoakam, J.T. Walsh, John Ritter, Lucas Black, Natalie Canerday, James Hampton, Robert Duvall, Rick Dial, Brent Briscoe A man returns home after being released from a psychiatric hospital, where he'd been confined since age 12 for murdering his mother and her lover. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Sliver","tags":" Phillip Noyce Sharon Stone, William Baldwin, Tom Berenger, Polly Walker, Colleen Camp, Amanda Foreman, Martin Landau, CCH Pounder, Nina Foch, Keene Curtis A divorc\u00e9e moves into a high-rise with a sordid past and begins a steamy affair with her neighbor, unaware that her every move is being monitored. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Slobby's World","tags":"  Robert Hall Welcome to the irreverent world of Robert Hall \u2013 aka Slobby Robby \u2013 a pop culture junkie who buys and sells collectable goods from the '80s and '90s. showshow"},{"title":"Slow West","tags":" John Maclean Kodi Smit-McPhee, Michael Fassbender, Ben Mendelsohn, Caren Pistorius, Rory McCann, Andrew Robertt, Edwin Wright, Kalani Queypo Determined to find the woman he loves, a Scottish teenager braves the Western frontier of 19th-century America, with bounty hunters hot on his trail. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Small Soldiers","tags":" Joe Dante Kirsten Dunst, Gregory Smith, Jay Mohr, Phil Hartman, Kevin Dunn, Denis Leary, Frank Langella, Tommy Lee Jones, Ernest Borgnine When the Commando Elite, a group of toy action figures, are released before they've been tested, they attack the children playing with them. action,comedy,fantasyaction,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Smart People","tags":" Noam Murro Dennis Quaid, Sarah Jessica Parker, Thomas Haden Church, Ellen Page, Ashton Holmes, Christine Lahti, Camille Mana, David Denman, Don Wadsworth, Robert Haley An unexpected romance and a surprise visit from his wild brother turn the life of widowed professor Lawrence Wetherhold upside down. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Smash: Motorized Mayhem","tags":"   Buckle up for a look inside a biannual school bus race in Florida, a harrowing event where carnage and collisions are most definitely encouraged. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"SMOSH: The Movie","tags":" Alex Winter Ian Hecox, Anthony Padilla, Jenna Marbles, Grace Helbig, Harley Morenstein, Jillian Nelson, Brittany Ross, Michael Ian Black, Steve Austin To keep his teen crush from spotting him in an embarrassing YouTube video, Anthony and his friend Ian must enter the virtual world and alter the clip. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Sniper: Special Ops","tags":" Fred Olen Ray Steven Seagal, Rob Van Dam, Tim Abell, Charlene Amoia, Daniel Booko, Jason-Shane Scott, Anthony Batarse, Gerald Webb After a mission to rescue a U.S. congressman from the Taliban ends with two men left behind, their sniper buddies go against orders to get them back. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Socha Na Tha","tags":" Imtiaz Ali Abhay Deol, Ayesha Takia, Apoorva Jha, Ayesha Jhulka, Rati Agnihotri, Sandhya Mridul, Suresh Oberoi, Manish Chaudhary An arranged marriage becomes a friendship for Viren and Aditi, who aren't in love \u2013 until they begin having unexpected feelings for each other. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Social Animals","tags":" Jonathan Ignatius Green  This documentary follows a trio of teens \u2013 a daredevil photographer, an aspiring model and a lonely Ohio girl \u2013 and Instagram's impact on their lives. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Soekarno","tags":" Hanung Bramantyo Ario Bayu, Lukman Sardi, Maudy Koesnaedi, Tanta Ginting, Tika Bravani, Emir Mahira, Sujiwo Tedjo, Ayu Laksmi, Matias Muchus This biographical drama about Indonesia's first president recounts his nationalist crusade to seize independence from Dutch colonial rule. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Solo Con Tu Pareja","tags":" Alfonso Cuar\u00f3n Luis de Icaza, Dobrina Liubomirova, Isabel Benet, Claudia Fernandez, Luz Mar\u00eda Jerez, Claudia Ram\u00edrez, Astrid Hadad, Toshiro Hisaki, Daniel Gim\u00e9nez Cacho, Carlos Nakasone, Ricardo Dalmacci, Nevil Wilton, John Keyser, Ra\u00fal Valerio, Monserrat Ontiveros, Daniel Gimenez Cacho A yuppie playboy looks for a quick death after being falsely diagnosed with AIDS by a nurse who was once cheated by the young Casanova. comedy,foregin,foregincomedy,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Solo: A Star Wars Story","tags":" Ron Howard Alden Ehrenreich, Woody Harrelson, Emilia Clarke, Donald Glover, Joonas Suotamo, Thandie Newton, Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Paul Bettany A young Han Solo tries to settle an old score with the help of his new buddy Chewbacca, a crew of space smugglers and a cunning old friend. action,family,fantasyaction,family,fantasy"},{"title":"Solo: A Star Wars Story (Spanish Version)","tags":" Ron Howard Alden Ehrenreich, Woody Harrelson, Emilia Clarke, Donald Glover, Joonas Suotamo, Thandie Newton, Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Paul Bettany A young Han Solo tries to settle an old score with the help of his new buddy Chewbacca, a crew of space smugglers and a cunning old friend. action,family,fantasyaction,family,fantasy"},{"title":"Solomon Kane","tags":" Michael J. Bassett James Purefoy, Pete Postlethwaite, Rachel Hurd-Wood, Alice Krige, Jason Flemyng, Mackenzie Crook, Patrick Hurd-Wood, Max von Sydow In this epic tale, a once-murderous sea captain is holed up in a monastery in retreat from the devil, whom the captain fears is coming for his soul. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Some Freaks","tags":" Ian MacAllister-McDonald Thomas Mann, Lily Mae Harrington, Ely Henry, Lachlan Buchanan, Marin Ireland, John Thorsen, Stephen Thorne, Shannon Hartman A one-eyed boy and plus-sized girl form a deep connection. But following a brief separation, they reunite as different people. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"Something's Gotta Give","tags":" Nancy Meyers Jack Nicholson, Diane Keaton, Keanu Reeves, Frances McDormand, Amanda Peet, Jon Favreau, Paul Michael Glaser, Rachel Ticotin Still sexy at 60, Harry Sanborn wines and dines women half his age. But a getaway with his girlfriend goes awry when her mother drops in unannounced. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Son of a Gun","tags":" Julius Avery Ewan McGregor, Brenton Thwaites, Alicia Vikander, Jacek Koman, Matt Nable, Tom Budge, Eddie Baroo, Nash Edgerton A young petty thief who received protection from a notorious inmate in jail is forced to spring his defender from prison and help pull off a heist. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Sons of Ben","tags":" Jeffrey C. Bell  Passion is an understatement. Meet the folks who wanted a Major League Soccer club in Philadelphia so badly, they became fans before it even existed. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Sotus The Series","tags":"  Sangpotirat Perawat, Ruangroj Prachaya When freshman engineering student Kongpob stands up to older bully Arthit, their confrontation soon leads to a deep attraction between the two boys. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Soul Surfer","tags":" Sean McNamara AnnaSophia Robb, Helen Hunt, Dennis Quaid, Carrie Underwood, Kevin Sorbo, Ross Thomas, Chris Brochu, Lorraine Nicholson, Jeremy Sumpter, Sonya Balmores, Craig T. Nelson, Mark Kubr, Kim Morgan Greene, Titus Kinimaka, Branscombe Richmond, Sonya Balmores Chung, Kimberly-Rose Wolter, John Philbin, David Chokachi, Wesley Mann Hawaiian teen Bethany Hamilton bravely returns to competitive surfing after losing her left arm in a vicious shark attack. drama,religion,sportsdrama,religion,sports"},{"title":"Soul to Keep","tags":" David Allensworth, Moni\u00e8re Sandra Mae Frank, Aurora Heimbach, Craig Fogel, Tony Spitz, Jordan Theodore, Kate Rose Reynolds, Jessie Jordan, Derek Long, Sophia Getz, Amelia Sheeler Two siblings invite friends to their inherited, remote country home, but the fun stops when the group summons a demonic force from an old spellbook. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Sour Grapes","tags":" Jerry Rothwell, Reuben Atlas  A dizzying chronicle of excess and deception dissects a fascinating case of fine-wine fraud and the con man who cheated investors out of millions. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Space Racers","tags":"  Yuri Lowenthal, Meyer DeLeeuw, Johnny Yong Bosch, Phil Lollar, Alicyn Packard, Melissa Hutchison, Joseph J. Terry, Danny Katiana, Katie Leigh Spaceships Eagle, Robyn, Hawk and their pals at the Stardust Space Academy rocket through the galaxy, teaching kids about the wonders of science. familyfamily"},{"title":"Sparkle","tags":" Sam O'Steen Tony King, Mary Alice, Irene Cara, Dorian Harewood, Paul Lambert, Beatrice Winde, Lonette McKee In 1950s Harlem, three singing sisters hit the big time and end up losing one another in this musical melodrama inspired by the Supremes. drama,musicdrama,music"},{"title":"Spartacus","tags":"  Andy Whitfield, Liam McIntyre, Dustin Clare, John Hannah, Manu Bennett, Lucy Lawless, Peter Mensah, Nick E. Tarabay, Viva Bianca, Lesley-Ann Brandt, Jai Courtney, Daniel Feuerriegel A Thracian man is condemned to a brutal death in the arena, only to outlast his executioners and be reborn as the enslaved gladiator Spartacus. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Speech & Debate","tags":" Dan Harris Liam James, Sarah Steele, Austin McKenzie, Roger Bart, Janeane Garofalo, Wendi McLendon-Covey, Kal Penn, Kimberly Williams-Paisley, Skylar Astin, Edgar Arreola, Sarah Baker Fed up with the hypocrisy of the adults around them, three creative high school misfits revive an old debate club as a way to fight back. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Speed Is My Need","tags":" Mark Sloper  This daredevil documentary trails behind and into the minds of the biggest names in one of the world's most dangerous sports, superbike racing. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Spider-Man 3","tags":" Sam Raimi Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst, James Franco, Thomas Haden Church, Topher Grace, Bryce Dallas Howard, Rosemary Harris, J.K. Simmons, James Cromwell, Theresa Russell, Dylan Baker, Bill Nunn, Bruce Campbell, Elizabeth Banks The seemingly invincible Spider-Man goes up against an all-new crop of villains in the third installment of the blockbuster adventure series. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse","tags":" Peter Ramsey, Rodney Rothman, Bob Persichetti Shameik Moore, Jake Johnson, Hailee Steinfeld, Brian Tyree Henry, Lauren V\u00e9lez, Mahershala Ali, Lily Tomlin, Kathryn Hahn, Liev Schreiber, Kimiko Glenn, Nicolas Cage, John Mulaney After being bitten by a radioactive spider, Brooklyn teen Miles Morales gets a crash course in web-slinging from his alternate-dimension counterparts. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Spitfire: The Plane that Saved the World","tags":" David Fairhead, Anthony Palmer Charles Dance In this epic documentary, last-surviving veterans trace the history of a legendary fighter aircraft that dominated the air during the Battle of Britain. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Splash and Bubbles","tags":"  John Tartaglia, Leslie Carrara-Rudolph, Raymond Carr, Aymee Garcia Curious pals Splash, Bubbles, Dunk and Ripple have fun exploring new places, making new friends and learning all about their amazing ocean home. familyfamily"},{"title":"Spotlight","tags":" Tom McCarthy Mark Ruffalo, Michael Keaton, Rachel McAdams, Liev Schreiber, John Slattery, Brian d'Arcy James, Stanley Tucci, Billy Crudup, Paul Guilfoyle, Jamey Sheridan A team of reporters and editors at the Boston Globe relentlessly investigate a shocking child molestation cover-up by the Catholic Church. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Spring Breakers","tags":" Harmony Korine James Franco, Vanessa Hudgens, Selena Gomez, Ashley Benson, Rachel Korine, Jeff Jarrett, Gucci Mane, Heather Morris, Ash Lendzion, Emma Holzer Four cash-strapped college women run afoul of the law \u2014 and fall in with a shady hustler \u2014 as they join the annual rite of bikinis, beer and debauchery. comedy,classic,dramacomedy,classic,drama"},{"title":"Sprinter","tags":" Storm Saulter Dale Elliott, Kadeem Wilson, Dennis Titus, David Alan Grier, Shantol Jackson, Lorraine Toussaint, Bryshere Gray, Quera South, Aiden Moodie When a Jamaican teen hopes to use track to reunite him with his mother in America, family dysfunction at home threatens to knock his plans off course. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Spy Kids","tags":" Robert Rodriguez Antonio Banderas, Carla Gugino, Alan Cumming, Teri Hatcher, Cheech Marin, Danny Trejo, Robert Patrick, Tony Shalhoub, Alexa PenaVega, Daryl Sabara The tables are turned when pint-sized kids Carmen and Juni must rescue their secret-agent parents from the diabolical clutches of Alexander Minion. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams","tags":" Robert Rodriguez Antonio Banderas, Carla Gugino, Alexa PenaVega, Daryl Sabara, Steve Buscemi, Mike Judge, Danny Trejo, Cheech Marin, Matt O'Leary, Emily Osment, Ricardo Montalban, Holland Taylor, Alan Cumming Spy kids Carmen and Juni Cortez team up with two other pint-size secret agents, Gary and Gerti Giggles, in order to take on an evil scientist. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Spy Kids 3: Game Over","tags":" Robert Rodriguez Daryl Sabara, Sylvester Stallone, Ricardo Montalban, Alexa PenaVega Carmen gets caught in a virtual reality game designed by the kids' new nemesis, the Toymaker, and it's up to Juni to save her by beating the game. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Spy Time","tags":" Javier Ruiz Caldera Imanol Arias, Quim Guti\u00e9rrez, Alexandra Jim\u00e9nez, Berto Romero, Carlos Areces, Eduardo G\u00f3mez, Dani El Rojo, Emilio Guti\u00e9rrez Caba, Rossy de Palma, S\u00edlvia Abril When his girlfriend dumps him for being a bore, a working stiff discovers that his father is a secret agent and a dangerous thug is targeting them. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"St. Agatha","tags":" Darren Lynn Bousman Sabrina Kern, Carolyn Hennesy, Courtney Halverson, Shaun Fletcher, Lindsay Seim, Hannah Fierman, Trin Miller, Seth Michaels, Justin Miles Unwed and pregnant, a young woman flees her abusive home in 1950s Georgia and takes refuge at a mysterious convent with a terrible secret. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Staged Killer","tags":" Christopher Ray Chrishell Hartley, Jason Dolley, Darrin Dewitt Henson, Nicole Bilderback, Charlie O'Connell, Chasty Ballesteros, Lyman Chen, Declan Joyce, Frank Rossi, Josh Nuncio After a popular morning television host bumps into an old acquaintance with a dark past, her professional and personal lives begin to unravel. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Standoff","tags":" Adam Alleca Thomas Jane, Laurence Fishburne, Joanna Douglas, John Tench, Ted Atherton, Jim Watson, Ella Ballentine After witnessing an assassin's slaughter, a young girl holes up in a farmhouse with a suicidal vet, who must use wits and guts to fend off the killer. actionaction"},{"title":"Star Men","tags":" Alison E. Rose  Four astronomers from England celebrate 50 years of friendship and achievement by taking a reflective road trip through the American Southwest. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Star Wars: Episode VIII: The Last Jedi","tags":" Rian Johnson Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, Andy Serkis, Lupita Nyong'o, Domhnall Gleeson, Anthony Daniels, Gwendoline Christie, Kelly Marie Tran, Laura Dern, Frank Oz, Benicio Del Toro, Warwick Davis, Noah Segan, Jimmy Vee, Joonas Suotamo, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Tim Rose, Paul Kasey, Matthew Sharp, Adrian Edmondson, Amanda Lawrence, Justin Theroux As the remnants of the Resistance flee Kylo Ren and the First Order, Rey seeks out Luke Skywalker \u2013 but he wants nothing more to do with the Force. action,family,fantasyaction,family,fantasy"},{"title":"Star-Crossed","tags":"  Aimee Teegarden, Matt Lanter, Grey Damon, Malese Jow, Greg Finley, Natalie Hall, Titus Makin Jr., Chelsea Gilligan The passionate love between an alien boy and a human girl grows more and more dangerous as they face the wrath of their families and communities. romance,drama,fantasyromance,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"Starred Up","tags":" David Mackenzie Jack O'Connell, Ben Mendelsohn, Rupert Friend, Sam Spruell, Anthony Welsh, David Ajala, Peter Ferdinando, Gershwyn Eustache Jnr, Ashley Chin, Raphael Sowole, Gilly Gilchrist, Tommy McDonnell A British juvenile offender's violent temper gets him transferred to an adult prison, where he encounters his estranged father. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Station Horizon","tags":"  Bernard Yerl\u00e8s, Roland Vouilloz, Gaspard Boesch, Alexandra Vandernoot, Marie Fontannaz, Lavinia Longhi, Baptiste Gilli\u00e9ron Ex-con Joris returns to his Swiss hometown, a community obsessed with American culture and ideals, to start over and save his family's gas station. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Stealing History","tags":" Ola Flyum, David Hebditch Nicolas Hope Journalists expose how smugglers, dealers, collectors and scholars promote plunder of ancient artifacts from war-torn Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Step Brothers","tags":" Adam McKay Will Ferrell, John C. Reilly, Mary Steenburgen, Richard Jenkins, Adam Scott, Kathryn Hahn, Andrea Savage, Lurie Poston, Elizabeth Yozamp, Logan Manus, Rob Riggle Brennan and Dale might be grown men, but that doesn't stop a childish sibling rivalry from erupting after Brennan's mom marries Dale's dad. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Step Outside","tags":" Wael Ihsan Kareem Mahmoud Abdel Aziz, Khaled El Sawy, Ahmed Fathy, Malak Koura, Ashraf Abdel Baqi A down-on-his-luck man reads a book, only to have its characters materialize and take over his life. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Stephanie","tags":" Akiva Goldsman Shree Cooks, Frank Grillo, Anna Torv A menacing, unseen force stalks a young girl living by herself in a suburban house, where she's surrounded by reminders of her once-happy family. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Sthaniya Sambaad","tags":" Arjun Gourisaria, Moinak Biswas Suman Mukhopadhyay In post-Partition Kolkata, a young Bengali poet from an urban colony wanders the city in search of the woman he loves and a channel for his sorrows. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Still","tags":" Chatchai Katenut, Manussa Vorasingha, Tanwarin Sukkhapisit, Poj Arnon Mai Charoenpura, Akara Amarttayakul, Supakson Chaimongkol, Kachapa Toncharoen, Wiradit Srimalai, Vasana Chalakorn, Ratchanont Sukpragawp, Arisara Thongborisut A haunted hotel, a body in a water tank, a nightclub fire and a prison death comprise four horror tales taken from Thailand's newspaper headlines. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Stink!","tags":" Jon J. Whelan Jeffrey Hollender After noting a strange odor in his child\u2019s pajamas, a single dad\u2019s search for the source uncovers potentially toxic secrets of the chemical industry. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Stoked","tags":"  Terry McGurrin, Katie Crown, Kristin Fairlie, Mazin Elsadig, Anastasia Phillips, Arnold Pinnock, Jamie Spilchuk, Lauren Lipson, Fiona Reid, Jeff Geddis Six teenage groms come together one summer to share a dream: to work at the world-renowned Surfer's Paradise Resort on the legendary Sunset Island. familyfamily"},{"title":"Stone Age","tags":"  Samantha Moon, Nancy Kim, Jacqueline Youn, Mike Yantzi, Anna Paik, Matt Anipen, Josh Schwartzentruber Woody sets out to become the Stone Age's best animal trainer with a little help from his faithful pet dinosaur, Moga. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Stonehearst Asylum","tags":" Brad Anderson Kate Beckinsale, Jim Sturgess, David Thewlis, Brendan Gleeson, Ben Kingsley, Michael Caine, Jason Flemyng, Sophie Kennedy Clark, Sin\u00e9ad Cusack, Edmund Kingsley In 1899, a young doctor arrives at an asylum for an apprenticeship and becomes suspicious of his mentor's methods while falling for a female patient. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"Stop at Nothing: The Lance Armstrong Story","tags":" Alex Holmes  An athlete dupes the world with his tale of miraculous recovery from cancer, becoming a sports hero and beacon of hope, but can he outpace the truth? documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Storage Wars: Northern Treasures","tags":"  Ursula Stolf, Paul Kenny, Bogart Kenny, Roy Dirnbeck, Don Reinhart, Rick Coffill, Cindy Hayden In Canada, a colorful collection of treasure-seeking scavengers bid on the largely unknown contents of repossessed and abandoned storage units. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"Story of an Egg","tags":" Raj B. Shetty Raj B. Shetty, Usha Bhandary, Shailashree, Prakash Tuminadu, Amrutha Naik, Shreya Anchan, VJ Vineeth, Rahul Amin, Deepak Rai Panaje, Ramdas When an astrologer gives him one year to find a mate or face being alone forever, a professor sets out to find a bride despite serious obstacles. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Straight Up","tags":" James Sweeney James Sweeney, Katie Findlay, Randall Park, Hillary Anne Matthews, James Scully, Betsy Brandt When a gay brainiac with OCD questions his identity, he enters a romantic relationship with a woman, leaving sex and physical intimacy out of it. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Strange but True","tags":" Rowan Athale Amy Ryan, Nick Robinson, Margaret Qualley, Greg Kinnear, Blythe Danner, Brian Cox, Connor Jessup A young woman rattles her former boyfriend\u2019s family when she reveals she is pregnant with his child \u2014 despite his death five years ago. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Stranger than Fiction","tags":" Marc Forster Will Ferrell, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Dustin Hoffman, Queen Latifah, Emma Thompson, Kristin Chenoweth, Tony Hale, Tom Hulce, Linda Hunt As a writer ponders how to kill off her main character, the man begins hearing her voice in his head and realizes that his days are numbered. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Strawberry Shortcake: Berry Bitty Adventures","tags":"  Anna Cummer, Janyse Jaud, Andrea Libman, Britt McKillip, Ingrid Nilson, Ashleigh Ball Join Strawberry Shortcake and her berry best friends in the whimsical land of Berry Bitty City, where they learn about teamwork and decision-making. familyfamily"},{"title":"Strictly Ballroom","tags":" Baz Luhrmann Paul Mercurio, Tara Morice, Bill Hunter, Pat Thomson, Gia Carides, Peter Whitford, Barry Otto, John Hannan Dumped by his partner just before a major dance competition, gifted hoofer Scott Hastings is forced to take a graceless neophyte as his new partner. classic,comedy,romanceclassic,comedy,romance"},{"title":"Strike a Pose","tags":" Ester Gould, Reijer Zwaan  A quarter-century later, this documentary relocates the male dancers who backed Madonna on her 1990 Blond Ambition tour, as seen in \"Truth or Dare.\" documental,foregin,lgbtdocumental,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Stripes","tags":" Ivan Reitman Bill Murray, Harold Ramis, Warren Oates, P.J. Soles, Sean Young, John Candy, John Larroquette, John Voldstad, John Diehl, Lance LeGault, Judge Reinhold After losing everything, an indolent sad sack impulsively joins the U.S. Army and cajoles his best friend into enlisting, too. classic,comedy,classicclassic,comedy,classic"},{"title":"Striptease","tags":" Andrew Bergman Demi Moore, Burt Reynolds, Armand Assante, Ving Rhames, Robert Patrick, Paul Guilfoyle, Jerry Grayson, Rumer Willis, Robert Stanton, William Hill A former FBI employee works as a stripper to finance her custody battle for her daughter when a secretly shady congressman takes an interest in her. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Strong Girl Bong-soon","tags":"  Park Bo-young, Park Hyung-sik, Ji Soo, Shim Hye-jin, Yu Jae-myeong, Jeon Seok-ho, Im Won-hee, Kim Won-hae Born with supernatural strength, Bong-soon fights evil and procures justice while getting tangled in a love triangle with her CEO boss and cop crush. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Stronger Than the World","tags":" Afonso Poyart Jos\u00e9 Loreto, Cleo Pires, Milhem Cortaz, Jackson Antunes, Claudia Ohana, R\u00f4mulo Arantes Neto, Paloma Bernardi, Thaila Ayala, Rafinha Bastos, Felipe Titto After a tough upbringing, natural-born fighter Jos\u00e9 Aldo confronts his personal demons in his quest to become an MMA champion in this sports biopic. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Stuart Little 2","tags":" Rob Minkoff Michael J. Fox, Geena Davis, Hugh Laurie, Jonathan Lipnicki, Nathan Lane, Melanie Griffith, James Woods, Steve Zahn Zany misadventures are in store as lovable city mouse Stuart and his human brother, George, raise the roof in this sequel to the 1999 blockbuster. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Submission","tags":" J.M. Berrios Scott Pryor, Darrin Dewitt Henson, Eric Roberts, Kevin Sizemore, Lorynn York, John Gray, Sara McMann, Ovince Saint Preux After a near-death trip home, a Marine looking to help his comrade survive returns to the underground world of MMA, where new battles await. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"Suburra","tags":" Stefano Sollima Pierfrancesco Favino, Elio Germano, Claudio Amendola, Alessandro Borghi, Greta Scarano, Giulia Gorietti, Jean-Hugues Anglade, Antonello Fassari, Lidia Vitale A grueling battle over turning a seaside town near Rome into a gambling paradise exposes criminal rivalries and endemic corruption on a grand scale. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Suckseed","tags":" Chayanop Boonprakob Jirayu La-ongmanee, Pachara Chirathivat, Nattasha Nauljam, Thawat Pornrattanaprasert When his boyhood crush Ern returns, Ped forms a band with his friend to impress her. Romantic rivalries bloom after the talented Ern joins the group. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Sudani from Nigeria","tags":" Zakariya Soubin Shahir, Samuel Abiola Robinson, Savithri Sredharan, Aneesh Menon When a soccer club manager brings one of his injured foreign players home to recuperate, they form an unlikely bond despite their cultural differences. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Suicide (Hitabdut)","tags":" Benny Fredman Mali Levi, Rotem Keinan, Dror Keren, Igal Naor A failed businessman must kill himself to pay off a loan shark or his family will die, but a detective discovers the case turns on a shocking secret. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Suite Fran\u00e7aise","tags":" Saul Dibb Michelle Williams, Matthias Schoenaerts, Kristin Scott Thomas, Sam Riley, Ruth Wilson, Tom Schilling, Harriet Walter, Alexandra Maria Lara, Margot Robbie, Lambert Wilson Waiting for news of her prisoner-of-war husband, a French woman in Nazi-occupied France reluctantly falls for a German officer quartering in her home. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Suits","tags":"  Jang Dong-gun, Park Hyung-sik, Jin Hee-kyung, Chae Jung-an, Ko Sung-hee, Choi Guy-hwa, Kim Young-ho, Lee Sang-yi A renowned corporate attorney at a prestigious firm gambles on a dropout with a photographic memory but no law degree to help on high-stakes cases. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"Summer Night","tags":" Joseph Cross Ellar Coltrane, Callan McAuliffe, Ian Nelson, Lana Condor, Analeigh Tipton, Melina Vidler, Bill Milner, Justin Chatwin, Ella Hunt, Elena Kampouris, Victoria Justice, Khris Davis, Hayden Szeto A group of 20-somethings in a small town experience a variety of personal and relationship issues leading up to a gathering at the local watering hole. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Summer of '92","tags":" Kasper Barfoed Ulrich Thomsen, Henning Jensen, Mikkel Boe F\u00f8lsgaard, Cyron Melville, Esben Smed Jensen, Gustav Dyekjaer Giese, Jon Lange, Allan Hyde, Johannes Lassen, Morten Vang Simonsen When a quirk of fate kicks the Danish national soccer team into the European Championship final, the coach must whip his unprepared squad into shape. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Sunrise","tags":" Partho Sen-Gupta Adil Hussain, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Gulnaaz Ansari, Komal Gupta, Esha Amlani, Ashalata Wabgaonkar, Hridaynath Jadhav, Chinmay Kambli, Nandini Bora, Komal Gawade While investigating a child kidnapping, a Mumbai police inspector is haunted by a shadowy dream figure and memories of his own abducted daughter. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Super Bheem","tags":"  Sonal Kaushal, Rupa Bhimani, Julie Tejwani, Sabina Malik, Jigna Bharadhwaj, Rajesh Kawa In this 3D-animated spinoff from the Chhota Bheem series, valiant superhero Bheem goes beyond his village to fight the good fight across the universe. familyfamily"},{"title":"Super Bheem Bana Vajraveer","tags":" Sumit Das Sonal Kaushal, Rupa Bhimani, Julie Tejwani, Sabina Malik, Jigna Bharadhwaj, Rajesh Kawa Hoping to find a magical root, a monster has captured farmers in the land of Vyom. It\u2019s up to Bheem and the gang to foil his plan and save the kingdom! familyfamily"},{"title":"Super Dark Times","tags":" Kevin Phillips Owen Campbell, Charlie Tahan, Elizabeth Cappuccino, Max Talisman, Amy Hargreaves, Sawyer Barth, Adea Lennox, Ethan Botwick A tragic accident drives a wedge between two teenage boys, threatening a friendship that had seemed firm and unshakeable. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Super Nani","tags":" Indra Kumar Rekha, Randhir Kapoor, Sharman Joshi, Anupam Kher, Shweta Kumar, Varsha Usgaonkar, Rajesh Kumar, Shreya Narayan A loving, concerned American grandson travels to Mumbai to rescue his unappreciated grandmother from her drudgery and fulfill her true potential. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Super Wings","tags":"  Luca Padovan, Evan Smolin, Junah Jang, Colin Critchley A cheerful jet and his transforming pals strive to find peaceful solutions to their problems while delivering packages to children around the globe. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Superbad","tags":" Greg Mottola Jonah Hill, Michael Cera, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Bill Hader, Seth Rogen, Martha MacIsaac, Emma Stone, Aviva Baumann, Joe Lo Truglio, Kevin Corrigan Hoping to have sex before college, high school seniors Seth and Evan try to score booze for a huge party, leading to a series of wild misadventures. comedy,classiccomedy,classic"},{"title":"Superfly","tags":" Gordon Parks Ron O'Neal, Carl Lee, Sheila Frazier, Julius Harris, Charles McGregor, Nate Adams, Polly Niles, Yvonne Delaine To get away from the thug life, cocaine dealer Youngblood Priest puts together one last deal that will net him enough money to start over. action,classic,dramaaction,classic,drama"},{"title":"Superman Returns","tags":" Bryan Singer Brandon Routh, Kate Bosworth, Kevin Spacey, James Marsden, Parker Posey, Frank Langella, Sam Huntington, Eva Marie Saint, Marlon Brando, Kal Penn When Superman returns to Metropolis, he finds that Lois Lane has moved on to another man and Lex Luthor is developing a new plan to rule the world. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"SuperNature: Wild Flyers","tags":"   This series examines the aerodynamics of flight and the evolutionary processes that have enabled certain species to survive by taking to the skies. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Superstar","tags":" Bruce McCulloch Molly Shannon, Will Ferrell, Elaine Hendrix, Harland Williams, Mark McKinney, Glynis Johns, Jason Blicker, Gerry Bamman, Emmy Laybourne, Jennifer Irwin, Tom Green A socially awkward Catholic schoolgirl vows to win a dreamy classmate\u2019s affections by taking first prize at an upcoming talent show. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Surat Dari Praha","tags":" Angga Dwimas Sasongko Tio Pakusadewo, Julie Estelle, Widyawati, Rio Dewanto, Chicco Jerikho, Jajang C. Noer, Shafira Umm Hoping to fulfill her deceased mother's final wish, a young woman travels to Prague to deliver an old letter to a mysterious man. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Surviving R. Kelly Part II: The Reckoning","tags":"  R. Kelly As more women come forward with harrowing accusations against R. Kelly, his criminal case gains momentum in this follow-up to the powerful docuseries. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Survivors Guide to Prison","tags":" Matthew Cooke Susan Sarandon Former inmates, officers and celebrities critique the U.S. prison system in this documentary packaged as a how-to handbook for the incarcerated. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Susanne Bartsch: On Top","tags":" Anthony Caronna, Alexander Smith Susanne Bartsch Beyond her larger-than-life persona, this documentary reveals the woman behind the famed event planner, and her legacy as a cultural icon and activist. documental,lgbtdocumental,lgbt"},{"title":"Sustainable","tags":" Matt Wechsler  Chef Rick Bayless, farmers and others discuss the history leading to the sustainable food movement and how it could change what we eat in the future. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Swami","tags":" Basu Chatterjee Shabana Azmi, Girish Karnad, Vikram, Dheeraj Kumar, Shashikala, Utpal Dutt, Preeti Ganguli, Sudha Shivpuri After she enters into an arranged marriage, a spirited and intellectual young woman tries to adjust to life with a man who was not her choice. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street","tags":" Tim Burton Johnny Depp, Helena Bonham Carter, Alan Rickman, Timothy Spall, Sacha Baron Cohen, Jamie Campbell Bower, Laura Michelle Kelly, Jayne Wisener, Ed Sanders After being falsely imprisoned, a vengeful murderer covers his tracks by enlisting the help of a baker whose meat pies become the toast of London. drama,suspense,musicdrama,suspense,music"},{"title":"Sweet Virginia","tags":" Jamie M. Dagg Jon Bernthal, Christopher Abbott, Imogen Poots, Rosemarie DeWitt, Odessa Young, Joseph Lyle Taylor, Jonathan Tucker, Garry Chalk, Jared Abrahamson, Gabrielle Rose In a remote Alaskan town reeling from a sudden triple murder, a former rodeo champ befriends a lone newcomer with a violent occupation. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Swiss Army Man","tags":" Dan Kwan, Daniel Scheinert Paul Dano, Daniel Radcliffe, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Antonia Ribero, Timothy Eulich, Richard Gross, Marika Casteel, Andy Hull, Aaron Marshall, Shane Carruth A washed-up corpse with surprising abilities gives a hopeless man stranded in the wilderness someone to talk to \u2013 and a newfound reason to live. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Sword Master","tags":" Derek Yee Kenny Lin, Peter Ho, Jiang Mengjie, Jiang Yiyan, Paw Hee Ching Haunted by the past, a master swordsman masks his identity to work anonymously as a janitor in a brothel, setting in motion a violent chain of events. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Sword Masters: Two Champions of Shaolin","tags":" Cheh Chang Meng Lo, Sheng Chiang, Li Wang, Siu-Ho Chin, Feng Lu, Chien Sun, Hsueh-erh Wen, Tai-Ping Yu Shaolin warrior Tung Chien-chen is injured in battle against the hated Wu Tang clan, and nursed back to health by a knife-throwing master. As he recovers, Tung learns this deadly art, and also falls in love with his teacher's daughter. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Sym-Bionic Titan","tags":"  Tara Strong, Kevin Thoms, Brian Posehn, John DiMaggio, Tim Russ, Don Leslie, Kari Wahlgren Aliens fleeing their planet land on Earth, pose as teenagers and fight off mutant space monsters by joining forces to become a powerful giant robot. familyfamily"},{"title":"Taal","tags":" Subhash Ghai Anil Kapoor, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Akshaye Khanna, Amrish Puri, Alok Nath, Mita Vasisht, Saurabh Shukla, Supriya Karnik Businessman Manav falls for aspiring singer Mansi, but their romance faces an uphill climb when Manav must depart and Mansi's suave manager moves in. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Tahaan","tags":" Santosh Sivan Purav Bhandare, Anupam Kher, Rahul Bose, Victor Banerjee, Ankush Dubey, Rasika Dugal, Rahul Khanna, Sana Shaikh, Dheirya Sonecha, Fatima Sana Shaikh, Sarika After his family's donkey is confiscated by a moneylender, 8-year-old Tahaan travels across conflict-torn Kashmir to find his beloved pet. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Take Me Home Tonight","tags":" Michael Dowse Topher Grace, Anna Faris, Dan Fogler, Teresa Palmer, Chris Pratt, Michael Biehn, Jeanie Hackett, Lucy Punch, Michelle Trachtenberg, Demetri Martin Set in the financial boom of the late 1980s, this tale centers on a recent college grad trying to figure out what to do with his life. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"Taken","tags":"  Clive Standen, Jennifer Beals, Gaius Charles, Brooklyn Sudano, Monique Gabriela Curnen, Michael Irby, James Landry H\u00e9bert, Jose Pablo Cantillo, James Landry Hebert After a personal tragedy upends his life, a highly skilled former Green Beret is drawn into a career as a secret government operative. action,action,suspenseaction,action,suspense"},{"title":"Tales of the City (1993)","tags":"  Olympia Dukakis, Donald Moffat, Laura Linney, Marcus D'Amico, Billy Campbell, Thomas Gibson, Paul Gross, Barbara Garrick, Chloe Webb, Nina Foch, Parker Posey, Stanley DeSantis In 1976, naive Mary Ann Singleton moves to San Francisco and finds a new family in her bohemian landlady and the eclectic residents at 28 Barbary Lane. dramadrama"},{"title":"Tamanchey","tags":" Navneet Behal Nikhil Dwivedi, Richa Chadha, Damandeep Singh Baggan, Vijay Pande, Talib Mehdi, Tushar Phulke, Mahesh Gupta, Prasad Labhe A man and a woman on the run from the law are drawn to each other through the common bond of their mutual dependency. action,foregin,romanceaction,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Tarif de nuit","tags":" Julien Seri Jonathan Howard, Jonathan Demurger, Fanny Valette, Jess Liaudin A night out in Paris quickly unravels when two friends provoke the wrong taxi driver, who's after something bigger than cab fare. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Tarzan","tags":" Chris Buck, Kevin Lima Tony Goldwyn, Minnie Driver, Glenn Close, Brian Blessed, Nigel Hawthorne, Rosie O'Donnell, Lance Henriksen, Wayne Knight, Alex D. Linz After being shipwrecked off the African coast, a lone child grows up in the wild, and is destined to become lord of the jungle. familyfamily"},{"title":"Tarzan 2","tags":" Brian Smith Harrison Chad, George Carlin, Brad Garrett, Ron Perlman, Estelle Harris, Glenn Close, Lance Henriksen, Brenda Grate, Harrison Fahn How did the King of the Jungle ascend to the throne? Find out in this charming prequel to the hit animated movie that catches Tarzan as a young child. familyfamily"},{"title":"Tattah","tags":" Sameh Abdulaziz Mohamed Saad, Dolly Shahin, Marwa, Hayatem, Sayed Rajab, Omar Mustafa Metwally, Samy Maghawry, Nabil Issa, Ragaa Al-Geddawy, Samir Ghanem A down-on-his-luck man must prove he's not as hapless as he seems when the woman he's on a date with is suddenly kidnapped. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Tayo the Little Bus Movie: Mission Ace","tags":" Ryu Jung-woo Moon Nam-sook, Jeong Hye-ok, Choe Hana, Gim Yeong-seon After he loses his favorite racing car, Duri ventures to a mysterious, magical land filled with toys that have been thrown away. familyfamily"},{"title":"Teach Us All","tags":" Sonia Lowman  It's been decades since Brown v. Board of Education, yet American schools remain largely segregated. Some leaders are working to change that. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Teen Patti","tags":" Leena Yadav Amitabh Bachchan, Madhavan, Ben Kingsley, Shraddha Kapoor, Siddharth Kher, Dhruv Ganesh, Vaibhav Talwar Luck brings together math expert Perci Trachtenberg and obscure genius Venkat Subramaniam in a casino, but the foundations of probability may be utterly altered when their chat leads Subramaniam to try a new theory in the gambling dens of Mumbai. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Teenage Cocktail","tags":" John Carchietta Nichole Bloom, Fabianne Therese, Michelle Borth, Pat Healy, AJ Bowen, Joshua Leonard Two teen girls form an intense bond and launch a lucrative webcam business, leading them to a dangerous encounter with a middle-aged married man. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles","tags":" Kevin Munroe Chris Evans, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Mako Iwamatsu, Kevin Smith, Patrick Stewart, Zhang Ziyi, Laurence Fishburne, Mitchell Whitfield, James Arnold Taylor, Mikey Kelley, Nolan North In this animated adventure, Master Splinter whips the four Ninja Turtles back into shape to defeat monsters running amok in New York. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze","tags":" Michael Pressman Paige Turco, David Warner, Mark Caso, Michelan Sisti, Leif Tilden, Kenn Scott, Kevin Clash, Ernie Reyes Jr., Fran\u00e7ois Chau, Kevin Nash The evil Shredder decides that ooze is what gives the ninja turtles their power, so he obtains some of the toxic junk and creates dangerous mutants. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Tees Maar Khan","tags":" Farah Khan Katrina Kaif, Akshay Kumar, Akshaye Khanna, Arya Babbar, Rajiv Lakshman, Raghu Ram, Vijay Maurya, Dharampal, Ali Asghar, Murli Sharma A flamboyant con artist and his band of gleeful robbers gamble with fate when smugglers hire them to swipe antiques from a speeding train. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"Tellur Aliens","tags":" Einar Gabbassov  Three teenaged best friends on the planet Telluria begin an incredible journey of adventure as they fight against the most evil being in the universe. familyfamily"},{"title":"Temporada de Caza","tags":" Natalia Garagiola Germ\u00e1n Palacios, Lautaro Bettoni, Boy Olmi, Rita Pauls, Pilar Benitez Vibart, Diana Szeinblum Animosity gives way to love and forgiveness when an angry teenager reunites with his estranged biological father in the wilds of Patagonia. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Ten Years","tags":" Jevons Au, Zune Kwok, Chow Kwun-wai, Ng Ka-Leung, Wong Fei-Pang Wong Jing, Lau Ho-Chi, Leung Kin-Ping Five shorts reveal a fictional Hong Kong in 2025, depicting a dystopian city where residents and activists face crackdowns under iron-fisted rule. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Teresa","tags":"  Angelique Boyer, Sebasti\u00e1n Rulli, Aar\u00f3n D\u00edaz, Cynthia Klitbo, Ana Brenda Contreras, Daniel Arenas, Margarita Maga\u00f1a, Manuel Landeta, Felicia Mercado, Silvia Mariscal We all want so much more than we have, but how far are we willing to go to get it? foregin,romance,foreginforegin,romance,foregin"},{"title":"Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines","tags":" Jonathan Mostow Arnold Schwarzenegger, Nick Stahl, Claire Danes, Kristanna Loken, David Andrews, Mark Famiglietti, Earl Boen, Moira Sinise, Chopper Bernet, Christopher Lawford Ten years after John Connor saved Earth from Judgment Day, he encounters T-X, a robotic assassin ordered to finish what T-1000 started. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Terminator Salvation","tags":" McG Christian Bale, Sam Worthington, Moon Bloodgood, Helena Bonham Carter, Anton Yelchin, Jadagrace, Bryce Dallas Howard, Common, Jane Alexander, Michael Ironside All grown up in post-apocalyptic 2018, John Connor must lead the resistance of humans against increasingly dominating militaristic robots. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Terra","tags":" Yann Arthus-Bertrand, Michael Pitiot Vanessa Paradis This visually arresting documentary essay reflects on our relationship to other living creatures as humanity becomes more isolated from nature. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Terrifier","tags":" Damien Leone Jenna Kanell, Samantha Scaffidi, David Howard Thornton, Catherine Corcoran, Pooya Mohseni, Matt McAllister, Katie Maguire, Gino Cafarelli, Cory DuVal, Michael Leavy On Halloween night, inside a dilapidated apartment building, Art the Clown stalks his victims, slicing and slaughtering in terrifying silence. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Teshan","tags":" Sukhbir Singh Happy Raikoti, Diljott, Prince Kanwaljit Singh, Karamjit Anmol, Harinder Bhullar, Virast Sandhu, Anita Devgan, Simran Sehajpal New beginnings appear to be on the horizon after a simple country boy forms a bond with a sophisticated urban girl with modern ideas. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Tezz","tags":" Priyadarshan Anil Kapoor, Ajay Devgn, Boman Irani, Kangna Ranaut, Zayed Khan, Mallika Sherawat, Avika Gor, Dominic Power, Sameera Reddy, Mohanlal This high-octane thriller tells the story of a man on a mission to reclaim what was taken from him and the agent who's determined to stop him. action,foregin,musicaction,foregin,music"},{"title":"Th Eena Meena Deeka Chase Comedy Show","tags":" Dheeraj Berry Sanjay Keni, Priya Raina A hungry fox and three resourceful, surprisingly formidable birds turn the animal kingdom on its head in this lively animated series. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Thackeray","tags":"   From controversial cartoonist to powerful Mumbai politician, this biopic maps the meteoric rise of far-right Shiv Sena party founder, Bal Thackeray. showshow"},{"title":"That '70s Show","tags":"  Topher Grace, Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher, Danny Masterson, Laura Prepon, Wilmer Valderrama, Debra Jo Rupp, Kurtwood Smith, Don Stark, Tanya Roberts, Tommy Chong, Lisa Robin Kelly Feel groovy in 1970s suburbia, where a teen and his pals hang in the basement, listening to rock and indulging other hazy benefits of '70s culture. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The 2000s","tags":"   Examine the triumphs, tragedies, cultural shifts and technological leaps that occurred during the millennium's first decade. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The 24 Hour War","tags":" Nate Adams, Adam Carolla  An intense rivalry between Henry Ford II of the Ford Motor Company and Enzo Ferrari results in the most epic showdown in racing history. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"The 4th Company","tags":" Mitzi Vanessa Arreola, Amir Galvan Cervera Adrian Ladron, Andoni Gracia, Hern\u00e1n Mendoza, Gabino Rodr\u00edguez, Dar\u00edo T. Pie, Manuel Ojeda In a violent prison in 1970s Mexico, a young inmate lands a spot on a football team that doubles as an enforcer squad for a corrupt administration. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Accountant of Auschwitz","tags":" Matthew Shoychet  Decades after WWII, a former SS officer stands trial in his native Germany after being charged for his complicity in the murder of Jews at Auschwitz. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Adderall Diaries","tags":" Pamela Romanowsky James Franco, Ed Harris, Amber Heard, Jim Parrack, Timoth\u00e9e Chalamet, Wilmer Valderrama, Cynthia Nixon, Christian Slater, Michael Cristofer, Danny Flaherty, Adam LeFevre Author Stephen Elliott has a problem separating his own life from incidents in the life of a convicted murderer about whom he's writing a book. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Adventure Club","tags":" Geoff Anderson Sam Ashe Arnold, Jakob Davies, Dalila Bela, Robin Dunne, Gabrielle Miller, Billy Zane, Josh McDonald, Lorne Cardinal, Kim Coates, Glenn Paradis After finding a peculiar key, three smart and adventurous kids launch a quest to uncover the whereabouts of a coveted archaeological treasure. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Adventures of Figaro Pho","tags":"  Luke Jurevicius, Craig Behenna, Charlotte Hamlyn, Stavroula Mountzouris, Aletheia Burney Imagine your worst fears, then multiply them: Figaro is a boy with any number of phobias and a highly quirky and imaginative way of dealing with them. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl","tags":" Robert Rodriguez Taylor Lautner, Taylor Dooley, Cayden Boyd, George Lopez, David Arquette, Kristin Davis, Jacob Davich, Sasha Pieterse, Rico Torres A 10-year-old dreamer's imaginary friends \u2013 mighty Sharkboy and fire-producing Lavagirl \u2013 come to life to seek his help battling a nefarious baddie. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Adventures of Tintin","tags":" Steven Spielberg Jamie Bell, Andy Serkis, Daniel Craig, Nick Frost, Simon Pegg, Daniel Mays, Gad Elmaleh, Toby Jones, Joe Starr This 3-D motion capture adapts Georges Remi's classic comic strip about the adventures of fearless young journalist Tintin and his trusty dog, Snowy. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Aerial","tags":" Esteban Sapir Rafael Ferro, Sol Moreno, Jonathan Sandor, Alejandro Urdapilleta, Julieta Cardinali, Florencia Raggi, Valeria Bertuccelli, Ra\u00fal Hochman, Ricardo Merkin, Carlos Pi\u00f1eyro In the City Without a Voice, only faceless singer the Voice can still vocalize. Everyone else has lost the power of speech as they let Mr. TV's broadcasts speak for them. But when Mr. TV kidnaps the Voice, things change. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"The Age of Shadows","tags":" Jee-woon Kim Kang-ho Song, Gong Yoo, Ji-min Han, Tae-goo Eom, Sung-rok Shin, Hee-soon Park, Young-ju Seo, Song Kang-ho Formerly a Korean resistance fighter, a policeman working for Japan is tasked with tracking down resistance leaders before they acquire explosives. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The American President","tags":" Rob Reiner Michael Douglas, Annette Bening, Martin Sheen, Michael J. Fox, David Paymer, Samantha Mathis, John Mahoney, Anna Deavere Smith, Nina Siemaszko, Wendie Malick, Shawna Waldron, Richard Dreyfuss, Joshua Malina The widowed president strikes up a romance with a beautiful Washington lobbyist \u2013 but can the couple keep their private and political lives separate? comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"The Amityville Horror","tags":" Andrew Douglas Ryan Reynolds, Melissa George, Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz, Jesse James, Jimmy Bennett, Rachel Nichols, Philip Baker Hall, Isabel Conner, Brendan Donaldson, Annabel Armour This hair-raising remake of the 1979 horror hit depicts the ordeal of the Lutz family, whose new home has a gory past and a legacy of demons. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Andy Griffith Show","tags":"  Andy Griffith, Ron Howard, Don Knotts, Frances Bavier, Howard McNear, Hope Summers Homespun humor and easygoing Sheriff Andy Taylor are at the center of this nostalgic look at Mayberry, a small town filled with lovable characters. classic,comedyclassic,comedy"},{"title":"The Angry Birds Movie 2","tags":" Thurop Van Orman, John Rice Jason Sudeikis, Rachel Bloom, Leslie Jones, Josh Gad, Bill Hader, Danny McBride, Awkwafina, Sterling K. Brown, Tiffany Haddish, Eugenio Derbez Enemies turn into frenemies when the Pigs call for a truce with the Birds to unite against a formidable new foe that\u2019s threatening all of their homes. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Animal People","tags":" Denis Hennelly, Casey Suchan  Animal rights protesters trying to shut down a facility that conducts animal testing are labeled terrorists by big business and law enforcement. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Ant's Scream","tags":" Sameh Abdulaziz Amr Abdel-Geleel, Rania Yousef, Salloum Haddad, Hesham Al-Meligy, Farida Al-Gready, Ahmad Wafiq, Mohamed Abo El Hassan, Amr Sakr, Ahmed Gamal Saeed, Riham Ayman Released after being wrongly imprisoned in Iraq, an Egyptian contractor returns home to a country on the brink of revolution. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Apartment","tags":"  Jamie Durie, Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen With their eyes on the grand prize, amateur designers push their creative limits in this reality competition show hosted by design icon Jamie Durie. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The Apostate","tags":" Federico Veiroj \u00c1lvaro Ogalla, Marta Larralde, B\u00e1rbara Lennie, Vicky Pe\u00f1a, Juan Calot, Kaiet Rodriguez, Andr\u00e9s Gertr\u00fadix, Joaqu\u00edn Climent, \u00c1lvaro Roig, Tino Martinez, Mercedes Hoyos A young man determined to renounce Catholicism by having his baptismal records excised is thwarted by church bureaucracy and his own inner conflicts. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Art of the Steal","tags":" Jonathan Sobol Kurt Russell, Jay Baruchel, Katheryn Winnick, Chris Diamantopoulos, Kenneth Welsh, Jason Jones, Terence Stamp, Matt Dillon, Devon Bostick Crunch Calhoun, a daredevil motorcyclist and mostly reformed con artist, agrees to do one last job: helping his brother Nicky steal a priceless book. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Art of War","tags":" Christian Duguay Wesley Snipes, Anne Archer, Maury Chaykin, Marie Matiko, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Michael Biehn, Donald Sutherland, Liliana Komorowska, James Hong Framed for the murder of an ambassador, a former member of the United Nations' elite covert action unit will do whatever it takes to clear his name. actionaction"},{"title":"The Assignment","tags":" Walter Hill Michelle Rodriguez, Sigourney Weaver, Tony Shalhoub, Anthony LaPaglia, Caitlin Gerard, Brent Langdon, Adrian Hough, Ken Kirzinger, Darryl Quon, Caroline Chan A hitman has his body surgically altered into a woman's against his will. Now he has to track down the surgeon responsible and get his revenge. actionaction"},{"title":"The Autopsy of Jane Doe","tags":" Andr\u00e9 \u00d8vredal Emile Hirsch, Brian Cox, Ophelia Lovibond, Michael McElhatton, Parker Sawyers, Jane Perry, Olwen Catherine Kelly A father-son team of small-town coroners performs an autopsy on an unidentified woman with mysterious injuries and a terrifying secret. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Bachelors","tags":" Kurt Voelker J.K. Simmons, Josh Wiggins, Julie Delpy, Odeya Rush, Kevin Dunn, Kimberly Crandall, Jean Louisa Kelly, Charlie DePew, Tyrel Jackson Williams, Tom Amandes, Spencer List, Jacqueline Mazarella, Vanessa Howard, Harold Perrineau After the death of his wife, a teacher and his son move to a new city, where emotional connections with two women help them begin to heal. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Bad Education Movie","tags":" Elliot Hegarty Jack Whitehall, Joanna Scanlan, Iain Glen, Ethan Lawrence, Layton Williams, Kae Alexander, Weruche Opia, Nikki Runeckles, Charlie Wernham, Jack Binstead Britain's most ineffective but caring teacher takes his class to Cornwall for one last school trip, where anything could happen \u2013\n and probably will. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Bad Kids","tags":" Keith Fulton, Louis Pepe  In this documentary, teachers at a Mojave Desert high school adhere to a belief that compassion and life skills can profoundly help at-risk students. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Bare-Footed Kid","tags":" Johnnie To Aaron Kwok, Lung Ti, Maggie Cheung, Chien-lien Wu, Paul Chun, Kenneth Tsang While working at a family friend's business, a penniless orphan draws the attention of a corrupt competitor and is torn between divided loyalties. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"The Basement","tags":" Brian M. Conley, Nathan Ives Mischa Barton, Jackson Davis, Cayleb Long, Tracie Thoms, Bailey Anne Borders Known for tortuous role-play with victims in his basement, a twisted serial killer abducts a musician who has a deeper connection to his mind games. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Battle of Midway","tags":" John Ford Henry Fonda, Jane Darwell Director John Ford captures combat footage of the Battle of Midway, an air and sea campaign that was a turning point in the war in the Pacific. classic,documentalclassic,documental"},{"title":"The Beginning of Life: The Series","tags":" Estela Renner  Using breakthroughs in technology and neuroscience, this series examines how environment affects infants \u2013 and how infants can affect our future. documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"The Bible's Buried Secrets","tags":"  Francesca Stavrakopoulou Host Francesca Stavrakopoulou travels across the Middle East, offering extraordinary insights into the stories of the Old Testament. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"The Big Catch","tags":"  Ben Fogle In a global competition, eight fishing enthusiasts battle extreme conditions and dangerous waters to be crowned the ultimate angler. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The Bill Murray Stories: Life Lessons Learned From a Mythical Man","tags":" Tommy Avallone Tommy Avallone, Bill Murray, Joel Murray, Peter Farrelly This documentary highlights spontaneous encounters with the elusive, comedic veteran, who touches lives by simply showing up anywhere. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Black Room","tags":" Rolfe Kanefsky Natasha Henstridge, Lukas Hassel, Lin Shaye, Dominique Swain, Augie Duke, Caleb Scott, James Duval, Tiffany Shepis A couple's new dream home morphs into a nightmare after they learn that an evil and lustful spirit resides in their basement. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Blackcoat's Daughter","tags":" Osgood Perkins Emma Roberts, Kiernan Shipka, Lucy Boynton, Lauren Holly, James Remar, Greg Ellwand, Elana Krausz, Heather Tod Mitchell, Peter James Haworth, Emma Holzer When their parents fail to pick them up for winter break, two students stay on at an all-girls boarding school in the company of a terrible presence. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Bleeder","tags":" Philippe Falardeau Liev Schreiber, Elisabeth Moss, Ron Perlman, Naomi Watts, Jim Gaffigan, Michael Rapaport, Pooch Hall, Morgan Spector, Jason Jones Husband. Father. Fighter. Meet Chuck Wepner, the liquor salesman and self-proclaimed real-life inspiration behind Rocky Balboa. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"The Blue Planet: A Natural History of the Oceans","tags":" Alastair Fothergill David Attenborough David Attenborough narrates this definitive exploration of the marine world, from the familiar to the unknown, revealing the sea and its communities. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"The Bomb","tags":" Kevin Ford, Smriti Keshari, Eric Schlosser  Form, montage and mesmerizing kinetics propel this experimental meditation on the destructive power of the nuclear bomb, featuring music by The Acid. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Bomb Squad","tags":"  Christopher Eccleston This documentary follows British bomb disposal teams in Afghanistan and the dangers they face in their methodical lives on the front lines of war. foregin,documentalforegin,documental"},{"title":"The Book of Eli","tags":" Albert Hughes, Allen Hughes Denzel Washington, Gary Oldman, Mila Kunis, Ray Stevenson, Jennifer Beals, Evan Jones, Joe Pingue, Frances de la Tour, Michael Gambon, Tom Waits Determined to protect a sacred text that promises to save humanity, Eli goes on a quest westward across the barren, postapocalyptic country. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Boss's Daughter","tags":" Olivier Loustau Christa Th\u00e9ret, Olivier Loustau, Florence Thomassin, Patrick Descamps, St\u00e9phane Rideau, Pierre Berriau, Deborah Grall, Vincent Martinez While working together, a married textile foreman and his boss\u2019s daughter have a torrid love affair, stirring up hostility among the factory crew. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Bounty Hunter","tags":" Andy Tennant Jennifer Aniston, Gerard Butler, Jason Sudeikis, Jeff Garlin, Ritchie Coster, Cathy Moriarty, Peter Greene, Joel Marsh Garland, Siobhan Fallon Hogan, Dorian Missick, Adam Rose, Christine Baranski, Carol Kane, Adam LeFevre Bounty hunter Milo Boyd finds his latest assignment downright satisfying as he learns that the bail-jumper he must chase down is his ex-wife, Nicole. action,comedy,romanceaction,comedy,romance"},{"title":"The Box","tags":" Richard Kelly Cameron Diaz, James Marsden, Frank Langella, James Rebhorn, Holmes Osborne, Sam Oz Stone, Gillian Jacobs, Celia Weston, Deborah Rush A couple must decide whether to push a button that will net them a million dollars but that will also cause the death of a complete stranger. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"The Boy","tags":" William Brent Bell Jim Norton, Rupert Evans, Ben Robson, Lauren Cohan, James Russell, Jett Klyne, Diana Hardcastle A nanny is hired by a couple to look after their boy. She's shocked to learn that her charge is actually a doll that the couple treats like a human. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Boy in the Striped Pajamas","tags":" Mark Herman Asa Butterfield, Vera Farmiga, David Thewlis, Rupert Friend, David Hayman, Jack Scanlon, Amber Beattie, Sheila Hancock, Richard Johnson, Jim Norton When his family moves from Berlin to Poland, a young boy befriends a boy who lives on the other side of the fence, unaware he's a Jewish prisoner. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Brave One","tags":" Neil Jordan Jodie Foster, Terrence Howard, Naveen Andrews, Carmen Ejogo, Nicky Katt, Mary Steenburgen, Lenny Venito, Zo\u00eb Kravitz, Jane Adams, Gordon MacDonald New York City radio host Erica Bain decides to take the law into her own hands after losing her fianc\u00e9 in a brutal Central Park attack. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Brawler","tags":" Ken Kushner Zach McGowan, Amy Smart, Joe Pantoliano, Burt Young, Tony Darrow, Nick Loeb, Taryn Manning, Jason James Richter Newly famous after challenging Muhammad Ali for a championship title, boxer Chuck Wepner spirals down the slippery slope of being a celebrity. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"The Breadwinner","tags":" Nora Twomey Saara Chaudry, Soma Chhaya, Ali Badshah, Soma Bhatia, Shaista Latif, Laara Sadiq, Kawa Ada, Noorin Gulamgaus A courageous 11-year-old Afghan girl disguises herself as a boy and takes on odd jobs to provide for her family when her father is arrested. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Break-Up","tags":" Peyton Reed Vince Vaughn, Jennifer Aniston, Joey Lauren Adams, Cole Hauser, Jon Favreau, Jason Bateman, Judy Davis, Justin Long, Ivan Sergei, John Michael Higgins, Ann-Margret, Vernon Vaughn, Vincent D'Onofrio Cohabitating couple Gary and Brooke's petty spats turn into an all-out battle for their home condo. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"The Bridge","tags":" Kunle Afolayan Chidinma Ekile, Ademola Adedoyin, Kunle Afolayan, Zack Orji, Tina Mba, Ayo Akinwale, Akim Mogaji, Ayo Mogaji, Ken Erics A Yoruba prince and a young lady from a prominent Igbo family face tribal prejudice and parental pressure when they secretly wed. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Brothers Grimm","tags":" Terry Gilliam Matt Damon, Heath Ledger, Monica Bellucci, Lena Headey, Peter Stormare, Jonathan Pryce, Roger Ashton-Griffiths, Richard Ridings, Mackenzie Crook, Julian Bleach, Tom\u00e1s Han\u00e1k, Laura Greenwood Brothers Jake and Will Grimm travel from village to village, posing as exterminators of magical creatures. But in reality, they're expert con artists. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Bucket List","tags":" Rob Reiner Jack Nicholson, Morgan Freeman, Sean Hayes, Beverly Todd, Alfonso Freeman, Rob Morrow, Rowena King, Christopher Stapleton, Ian Anthony Dale, Richard McGonagle Two terminally ill men bust out of the cancer ward with a plan to experience life to the fullest before they kick the bucket. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"The Bund","tags":"  Chow Yun Fat After losing everything, a young man rebuilds his life and finds love in 1920s Shanghai \u2013 all while rising to power in an organized crime syndicate. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Bye Bye Man","tags":" Stacy Title Douglas Smith, Lucien Laviscount, Cressida Bonas, Michael Trucco, Doug Jones, Carrie-Anne Moss, Faye Dunaway, Jenna Kanell, Erica Tremblay, Cleo King Three college students move into an off-campus house and discover they've unwittingly unleashed a supernatural killer known as the Bye Bye Man. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Bygone","tags":" Graham Phillips, Parker Phillips Graham Phillips, Shawn Hatosy, Jamie McShane, Sydney Schafer, Tokala Black Elk, Jacqueline Toboni, Mike McColl, Jacob Ming-Trent His way of life under threat due to the oil fracking boom, a young rancher defends a Lakota woman and becomes entangled in human trafficking. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"The Cakemaker","tags":" Ofir Raul Graizer Sarah Adler, Tim Kalkhof, Roy Miller, Zohar Shtrauss, Sandra Sade, Tamir Ben-Yehuda, Stephanie Stremler, Tagel Eliyahu When a German baker travels to Jerusalem in search of his dead male lover\u2019s family, his growing involvement with them may expose his truth. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Calling","tags":" Bumpy  Food-crazed travel junkies journey across India, completing bucket list challenges for a chance to win a once-in-a-lifetime scholarship. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The Captive","tags":" Atom Egoyan Ryan Reynolds, Scott Speedman, Rosario Dawson, Mireille Enos, Kevin Durand, Alexia Fast, Christine Horne, Arsin\u00e9e Khanjian, Ian Matthews, Bruce Greenwood, Aidan Shipley Eight years after their daughter's abduction tore them apart, her parents receive enigmatic clues from the kidnapper hinting that she's still alive. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Car","tags":" Elliot Silverstein James Brolin, Kathleen Lloyd, John Marley, R.G. Armstrong, John Rubinstein, Elizabeth Thompson, Roy Jenson, Kim Richards, Kyle Richards In his small Southwestern town, sheriff Wade Parent must find out who \u2014 or what \u2014 is running people down via a mysterious, driverless black sedan. classic,suspenseclassic,suspense"},{"title":"The Carter Effect","tags":" Sean Menard Vince Carter Featuring eight-time NBA All-Star Vince Carter, this documentary takes an in-depth look at his impact on pop culture and the Canadian basketball scene. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"The Case for Christ","tags":" Jon Gunn Mike Vogel, Erika Christensen, Faye Dunaway, Robert Forster, Frankie Faison, Mike Pniewski Bothered by his wife's unyielding belief in Christianity, an investigative reporter sets out to use verifiable facts to poke holes in her faith. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"The Cell","tags":" Tarek Al Eryan Ahmed Ezz, Mohamed Mamdouh, Samer al Masri, Amina Khalil, Ahmed Safwat, Ahmed Salah Hosny, A\u00efcha Ben Ahmed, Rania Elkhatib, Riham Abdel Ghafour A special operations officer vows to get revenge against the terrorist who killed his friend in a brutal attack. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The CEO","tags":" Kunle Afolayan Wale Ojo, Jimmy Jean-Louis, Hilda Dokubo, Nico Panagio, Aur\u00e9lie Eliam, Peter King Nzioki Mwania, Fatym Layachi, Kemi Lala Akindoju, Ang\u00e9lique Kidjo A group of executives heads to a telecommunications retreat to pick the firm's new CEO until they find themselves in a contest to win \u2013 and stay alive. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Charnel House","tags":" Craig Moss Callum Blue, Nadine Velazquez, Makenzie Moss, Erik LaRay Harvey, Danielle Lauder, Andy Favreau, Kate Linder, Neil Thackaberry, Alden Tab After an architect transforms a slaughterhouse into trendy lofts, its new inhabitants discover that the structure is haunted by its evil past. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Chefs' Line","tags":"  Dan Hong, Mark Olive, Melissa Leong, Maeve O'Meara Home cooks face off against trained chefs to see if passion can beat profession in the kitchen in this reality competition show. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The Chord","tags":" Magdy Al-Hawwary Mostafa Shaban, Ghada Adel, Arwa Gouda, Ahmed Salah Al-Saadany, Ashraf Zaki, Sawsan Badr, Fatma Nasser, Said Saleh, Ali Hassanein, Majed Abdulazim A detective investigates the murder of a young musician, whose philandering lifestyle leaves a long list of suspects and a lot of questions. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Chosen","tags":" Antonio Chavarr\u00edas Alfonso Herrera, Hannah Murray, Henry Goodman, Julian Sands, Frances Barber, Emilio Echevarr\u00eda, Alejandro Calva, Elvira M\u00ednguez, Roger Casamajor, Luis Rosales, Javier Godino, Alexander Holtmann, Brontis Jodorowsky In 1937, Spanish revolutionary Ram\u00f3n trains as a Soviet spy, impersonating a wealthy Belgian as part of a plot to assassinate Leon Trotsky in Mexico. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Chosen Ones","tags":" David Pablos Nancy Talamantes, \u00d3scar Torres, Leidi Guti\u00e9rrez, Jos\u00e9 Santill\u00e1n Cabuto, Edward Coward, Alicia Qui\u00f1onez, Raquel Presa, Susana P\u00e9rez, Gisela Madrigal, Jorge Calderon, Felipe Tututi Young Ulises falls in love with teen Sofia, even as he is forced to lure her into his family's prostitution ring. Now he'll do anything to rescue her. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Christmas Candle","tags":" John Stephenson Hans Matheson, Samantha Barks, Lesley Manville, Sylvester McCoy, Susan Boyle, John Hannah, Barbara Flynn, James Cosmo A progressive new minister's arrival in a small village threatens to end an age-old tradition that brings a yuletide miracle to one of the residents. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"The Christmas Project","tags":" Michael Buster Jacob Buster, Anson Bagley, Grace Hallows, Josh Reid, Cooper Daniel Johnson, Alison Akin Clark, Brian Neal Clark, Evan Clark, Caitlin E.J. Meyer, Gabe White Four brothers prepare for war when they're forced to deliver secret holiday gifts to the school bullies. But they soon learn kindness goes a long way. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Cincinnati Kid","tags":" Norman Jewison Steve McQueen, Edward G. Robinson, Ann-Margret, Karl Malden, Tuesday Weld, Joan Blondell, Rip Torn, Jack Weston, Cab Calloway, Jeff Corey, Theo Marcuse In Depression-era New Orleans, cocksure stud poker player Eric Stoner \u2013 the titular Cincinnati Kid \u2013 challenges longtime champ Lancey \"The Man\" Howard to a showdown at the table, where a war of wills \u2013 and nerve \u2013 ensues. classic,dramaclassic,drama"},{"title":"The Code","tags":"  Marcus du Sautoy In this three-part documentary series, host Marcus du Sautoy examines the mathematical code underlying all of life on Earth and the universe itself. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"The Company Men","tags":" John Wells Ben Affleck, Chris Cooper, Kevin Costner, Tommy Lee Jones, Maria Bello, Rosemarie DeWitt, Craig T. Nelson, John Doman, Tonye Patano, Cady Huffman A successful businessman comes face-to-face with America's downsizing epidemic when he loses his job and is forced to take a construction gig. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Competition","tags":" Harvey Lowry Thora Birch, Chris Klein, Claire Coffee, David Blue, Kelsey Tucker, Michael Draper, Jason Tobias, Gabrielle Stone, Catherine Johnson, Tiffany Fallon After developing an \"infidelity formula\" said to repel cheating, a popular blogger crosses paths with a charming lawyer willing to put it to the test. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"The Confirmation","tags":" Bob Nelson Clive Owen, Maria Bello, Patton Oswalt, Jaeden Lieberher, Matthew Modine, Stephen Tobolowsky, Tim Blake Nelson, Robert Forster A divorced handyman with a drinking problem bonds with his 8-year-old son when a search for his stolen toolbox leads to a series of misadventures. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Congress","tags":" Ari Folman Robin Wright, Harvey Keitel, Jon Hamm, Paul Giamatti, Kodi Smit-McPhee, Danny Huston, Sami Gayle, Michael Stahl-David, Michael Landes, Sarah Shahi Actress Robin Wright plays herself in this surreal drama about a film star who agrees to have her digital image recorded for reuse in future films. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"The Consul's Son","tags":" Amr Arafa Khaled Saleh, Ghada Adel, Ahmed el-Sakka, Khaled Sarhan, Sawsan Badr, Mustafa Haridi A notorious forger known for his ability to create fake passports and visas finds himself the target of a con man's ruse. comedy,foregin,suspensecomedy,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Craft","tags":" Andrew Fleming Robin Tunney, Fairuza Balk, Neve Campbell, Rachel True, Skeet Ulrich, Christine Taylor, Breckin Meyer, Nathaniel Marston, Cliff De Young, Assumpta Serna At a Catholic school, a new girl falls in with a clique of teen witches who wield their powers against anyone who crosses them, even their parents. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Cravings","tags":"  Park Hee-bon, Phillip Choi, Hong Wan-pyo, Choi Bae-yeong, Hyuk-kwon Park, Yang Hyeon-min Thirtysomething career woman Jae-yeong attempts to juggle her job and personal relationships, all the while never failing to eat well. foregin,foregin,comedyforegin,foregin,comedy"},{"title":"The Croods","tags":" Kirk De Micco, Chris Sanders Nicolas Cage, Emma Stone, Ryan Reynolds, Catherine Keener, Cloris Leachman, Clark Duke, Chris Sanders, Randy Thom When an earthquake obliterates their cave, an unworldly prehistoric family is forced to journey through unfamiliar terrain in search of a new home. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Crow","tags":" Alex Proyas Brandon Lee, Rochelle Davis, Ernie Hudson, Michael Wincott, Bai Ling, Sofia Shinas, Anna Levine, David Patrick Kelly, Angel David, Laurence Mason, Michael Massee, Tony Todd, Jon Polito One year after Eric Draven and his fianc\u00e9e are murdered, Draven \u2013 watched over by a hypnotic crow \u2013 returns from the grave to exact revenge. action,classic,fantasyaction,classic,fantasy"},{"title":"The Cruise","tags":" Marek Piwowski Jan Himilsbach, Stanislaw Tym, Jerzy Dobrowolski, Zdzislaw Maklakiewicz, Andrzej Dobosz, Feridun Erol, Jolanta Lothe, Wanda Stanis\u0142awska-Lothe When the captain of a pleasant cruise ship mistakes a mischievous stowaway the entertainment director, wild and wacky hijinks ensue. comedy,classic,foregincomedy,classic,foregin"},{"title":"The Crying Game","tags":" Neil Jordan Stephen Rea, Miranda Richardson, Forest Whitaker, Jaye Davidson, Adrian Dunbar, Breffini McKenna, Joe Savino, Birdie Sweeney, Andree Bernard, Jim Broadbent IRA terrorist Fergus bonds with his prisoner, Jody. Jody tells Fergus of his girlfriend, Dil, with whom Fergus later falls in love. classic,foregin,suspenseclassic,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Curse of Oak Island","tags":"  Robert Clotworthy On an ominous island off of Nova Scotia, two brothers chase historical theories on a quest for enigmatic treasure. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"The D Train","tags":" Jarrad Paul, Andrew Mogel Jack Black, James Marsden, Kathryn Hahn, Jeffrey Tambor, Russell Posner, Henry Zebrowski, Kyle Bornheimer, Mike White A loser in charge of planning his high school class's 20-year reunion thinks he's scored a major coup when he gets a marginally famous alum to attend. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Damned Rain","tags":" Satish Manwar Sonali Kulkarni, Girish Kulkarni, Jyoti Subhash, Veena Jamkar, Aman Attar An optimistic farmer is determined to succeed in spite of the lack of rain in his region, and the sinking spirits around him. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Dancer","tags":" Ifa Isfansyah Prisia Nasution, Oka Antara, Slamet Rahardjo, Dewi Irawan, Lukman Sardi, Tio Pakusadewo Orphaned by a tragedy that took the lives of her parents, Srintil grows up in a poor Indonesian village aspiring to be a sacred dancer. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Dark Crystal","tags":" Frank Oz, Jim Henson Jim Henson, Kathryn Mullen, Frank Oz, Dave Goelz, Stephen Garlick, Lisa Maxwell, Billie Whitelaw, Percy Edwards, Joseph O'Conor In this mythical tale, Jen, the last of the Gelfling race, is charged with healing the Crystal of Truth after its mutilation sets off an era of terror. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Dark Side of Life: Mumbai City","tags":" Tariq Khan Mahesh Bhatt, Kay Kay Menon, Avii, Nikhil Ratnaparkhi, Neha Khan, Alisha Khan, Irfan Hussein, Jyoti Malshe, Sayed Gul Struggling with Mumbai's pressures and private battles with depression, six lives intersect just as they reach a breaking point. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Darkest Dawn","tags":"   An aspiring filmmaker records the chaos of an alien invasion while struggling to stay alive with her sister and a bickering band of survivors. action,foregin,foreginaction,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Daughter","tags":" Simon Stone Geoffrey Rush, Ewen Leslie, Paul Schneider, Miranda Otto, Anna Torv, Odessa Young, Sam Neill Having returned home for his cagey father's wedding, an estranged man gets to know his childhood friend's family and uncovers a devastating secret. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Dawn Wall","tags":" Peter Mortimer, Josh Lowell Tommy Caldwell, Kevin Jorgeson Cameras follow Tommy Caldwell and Kevin Jorgeson as they take on the staggering challenge of free-climbing Yosemite\u2019s most formidable rock formation. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"The Day My Butt Went Psycho!","tags":"  Mac Heywood, Robert Tinkler, Bryn McAuley, Kedar Brown, Julie Lemieux, Ted Dykstra, Mark Edwards, Joe Pingue A boy and his best friend \u2013 his newly detached butt \u2013 embark on wacky adventures in a world where humans and their butts live side by side. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Departed","tags":" Martin Scorsese Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Mark Wahlberg, Martin Sheen, Ray Winstone, Vera Farmiga, Anthony Anderson, Alec Baldwin, Kevin Corrigan Two rookie Boston cops are sent deep undercover \u2013 one inside the gang of a charismatic Irish mob boss and the other double-crossing his own department. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Desert Bride","tags":" Cecilia At\u00e1n, Valeria Pivato Paulina Garc\u00eda, Claudio Rissi While traveling across Argentina to a new job, a longtime maid encounters a salesman who opens her eyes to life's beauty and possibilities. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Detained","tags":" Blair Hayes Alex Frnka, Sarah Davenport, Henry Zaga, Coy Stewart, Jennifer Robyn Jacobs, Gillian Vigman, Kevin Blake Five high school students serving Saturday detention in a former corrections facility must find a way to outsmart an unseen menace out to kill them. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Devil and Father Amorth","tags":" William Friedkin  In Rome, \"Exorcist\" director William Friedkin follows a 91-year-old priest who performs a real demonic exorcism on a woman from a small Italian town. documental,suspensedocumental,suspense"},{"title":"The Devil Inside","tags":" William Brent Bell Fernanda Andrade, Simon Quarterman, Evan Helmuth, Ionut Grama, Suzan Crowley, Bonnie Morgan, Brian Johnson At once spooky and grisly, this thriller follows a woman's quest to find the truth behind claims her mother killed three people during an exorcism. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Devil Is a Part-Timer!","tags":"  Ryota Osaka, Yoko Hikasa, Nao Toyama, Yuki Ono, Hiro Shimono, Kanae Ito, Josh Grelle, Felecia Angelle, Anthony Bowling, R. Bruce Elliott, Tia Lynn Ballard, Aaron Dismuke Thwarted in their attempt to take over the world of Ente Isla, Satan and his general Alciel land in modern-day Tokyo, where they take on human form. animeanime"},{"title":"The Devil We Know","tags":" Stephanie Soechtig, Jeremy Seifert  This documentary details DuPont's alleged decades-long cover-up of the potential harm caused by chemicals used to make popular Teflon products. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Diabolical","tags":" Alistair Legrand Ali Larter, Arjun Gupta, Max Rose, Merrin Dungey, Chloe Perrin, Kurt Carley, Patrick Fischler, Wilmer Calderon, Tom Wright Terrorized by unexplained disturbances and horrific visions in her home, a young widowed mother turns to her scientist boyfriend for help. suspense,fantasy,suspensesuspense,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"The Dreamer","tags":" Riri Riza Vikri Septiawan, Rendy Ahmad, Azwir Fitrianto, Maudy Ayunda A trio of friends struggles to make it through adolescence, all while hoping that bigger and better things await them. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Drowning","tags":" Bette Gordon Josh Charles, Julia Stiles, Avan Jogia, Tracie Thoms, Leo Fitzpatrick, Mike Houston, Jasper Newell Child psychologist Tom Seymour's testimony helped convict a boy of murder. Years later, their paths cross again, raising uncomfortable questions. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Drunk and on Drugs Happy Funtime Hour","tags":"  John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells, Maury Chaykin, Luke Gordon, Amy Sedaris, Jay Baruchel A variety-show production trips up big time when the cast members take their roles to new heights, and the line between fact and fiction blurs. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"The Duel","tags":" Kieran Darcy-Smith Woody Harrelson, Liam Hemsworth, Alice Braga, Emory Cohen, Felicity Price, Jos\u00e9 Z\u00fa\u00f1iga, William Sadler In 1866, a Texas Ranger investigates some suspicious deaths in a town ruled by a religious despot whose past contains a disturbing link to his own. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Dukes of Hazzard","tags":" Jay Chandrasekhar Johnny Knoxville, Seann William Scott, Jessica Simpson, Burt Reynolds, M.C. Gainey, David Koechner, Kevin Heffernan, James Roday, Michael Roof, Joe Don Baker The Duke boys are back in this comedy based on the TV series, following Bo and Luke as they tear around Hazzard County in their trusty Dodge Charger. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"The Dukes of Hazzard: The Beginning","tags":" Robert Berlinger Randy Wayne, Jonathan Bennett, Joel David Moore, Willie Nelson, April Scott, Harland Williams, Christopher McDonald, Hal Williams, Sherilyn Fenn, Gary Cole The mischievous Duke boys, Bo and Luke, are sent to live with their Uncle Jesse and cousin Daisy in this prequel movie to the popular TV series. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"The Eichmann Show","tags":" Paul Andrew Williams Martin Freeman, Anthony LaPaglia, Rebecca Front, Andy Nyman, Nicholas Woodeson, Ben Addis, Caroline Bartleet, Ed Birch, Dylan Edwards, Nathaniel Gleed, Ben Lloyd-Hughes, Vaidotas Martinaitis, Zora Bishop This is the astonishing true story behind a moment in TV history: the live 1961 broadcast of Nazi mass-murderer Adolf Eichmann's trial in Jerusalem. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Eighties","tags":"   This nostalgic documentary series relives the 1980s from a variety of angles, exploring its impact on the politics, technology and culture of today. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The End of the Tour","tags":" James Ponsoldt Jason Segel, Jesse Eisenberg, Becky Ann Baker, Anna Chlumsky, Joan Cusack, Mamie Gummer, Ron Livingston, Mickey Sumner \"Rolling Stone\" reporter David Lipsky shadows famed writer David Foster Wallace in this fictionalized account of their revealing five-day encounter. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Endless","tags":" Justin Benson, Aaron Moorhead Aaron Moorhead, Justin Benson, Callie Hernandez, Lew Temple, James Jordan, Tate Ellington As kids, they escaped a UFO death cult. Now, two adult brothers seek answers after an old videotape surfaces and brings them back to where they began. foregin,fantasy,suspenseforegin,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"The Evil Dead","tags":" Sam Raimi Bruce Campbell, Ellen Sandweiss, Richard DeManincor, Betsy Baker, Theresa Tilly, Bill Vincent, Scott Spiegel, Ivan Raimi, David Horton, John Cameron, Ted Raimi During a stop at a remote cabin deep within the woods, a group of teens begins turning into flesh-eating zombies in director Sam Raimi's cult classic. classic,classic,suspenseclassic,classic,suspense"},{"title":"The Exception","tags":" David Leveaux Lily James, Jai Courtney, Christopher Plummer, Janet McTeer, Ben Daniels, Eddie Marsan, Anton Lesser, Mark Dexter, Kris Cuppens During World War II, a Nazi officer charged with protecting an exiled Kaiser Wilhelm II from spies begins a steamy affair with a secretive Dutch maid. drama,romancedrama,romance"},{"title":"The Eyes of My Mother","tags":" Nicolas Pesce Kika Magalh\u00e3es, Olivia Bond, Will Brill, Flora Diaz, Paul Nazak, Clara Wong, Diana Agostini At the remote farmhouse where she once witnessed a traumatic childhood event, a young woman develops a grisly fascination with violence. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Fear","tags":" Michael Samuels Peter Mullan, Anastasia Hille, Harry Lloyd, Paul Nicholls, Demosthenes Chrysan, Dragos Bucur, Shaban Arifi, Julia Ragnarsson, Danny Sapani, Nigel Lindsay, Osy Ikhile, Sidney Kean, Lisa McAllister, Catherine Winter, Amarildo Kola, Julius Peter Wells Richie Beckett is an aging Brighton crime boss who's struggling with the onset of dementia, just as a rival gang is trying to take over his territory. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"The Fear of 13","tags":" David Sington  After 20 years on Death Row, self-educated inmate Nick petitions the court to be executed, then tells his twisting, turning tale of despair and hope. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Feels","tags":" Jen\u00e9e LaMarque Jen\u00e9e LaMarque, Angela Trimbur, Constance Wu, Josh Fadem, Ever Mainard During their bachelorette weekend, a lesbian couple's relationship hits a snag when one of the brides confesses to never having an orgasm. comedy,foregin,lgbtcomedy,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"The Fighter","tags":" David O. Russell Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Melissa Leo, Jack McGee, Melissa McMeekin, Bianca Hunter, Erica McDermott, Dendrie Taylor, Jill Quigg, Kate B. O'Brien, Sugar Ray Leonard After a string of defeats, a boxer rediscovers his fighting will with help from his trainer and half-brother, a once-talented pugilist. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"The Figurine (Araromire)","tags":" Kunle Afolayan Ramsey Nouah, Omoni Oboli, Kunle Afolayan, Funlola Aofiyebi, Tosin Sido, David J. Oserwe, Kate Adepegba, Muraina Oyelami, Wale Adebayo, Ombo Gogo Ombo When a pair of friends discovers a mystical sculpture in an abandoned shrine, good fortune is bestowed upon them \u2013 until luck starts running out. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Final Destination","tags":" David R. Ellis Bobby Campo, Shantel VanSanten, Nick Zano, Haley Webb, Mykelti Williamson, Krista Allen, Andrew Fiscella, Justin Welborn, Stephanie Honor\u00e9 Nick O'Bannon thinks he's cheated death when he keeps a grisly premonition from becoming reality, but he soon realizes that fate has other plans. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The First Line","tags":" Coerte Voorhees, John Voorhees Pantelis Kodogiannis, Kassandra Voyagis, Paul Freeman, Michael Byrne, Georges Corraface, Yorgo Voyagis, Giancarlo Giannini, Kelly Eleftheriou Two determined Athenian attorneys spearhead a lawsuit against the British Museum for the return of the Parthenon Marbles to Greece. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The First Temptation of Christ","tags":" Rodrigo Van Der Put Gregorio Duvivier, F\u00e1bio Porchat, Antonio Tabet, Evelyn Castro, Rafael Portugal, Robson Nunes, Jo\u00e3o Vicente de Castro, Estevam Nabote, Thati Lopes, Karina Ramil, Sura Berditchevsky, F\u00e1bio de Luca Jesus, who's hitting the big 3-0, brings a surprise guest to meet the family. A Christmas special so wrong, it must be from comedians Porta dos Fundos. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The First Wives Club","tags":" Hugh WIlson Bette Midler, Goldie Hawn, Diane Keaton, Maggie Smith, Dan Hedaya, Sarah Jessica Parker, Stockard Channing, Victor Garber, Stephen Collins, Marcia Gay Harden, Jennie Dundas, Elizabeth Berkley, Eileen Heckart, Bronson Pinchot, Rob Reiner Following a friend's suicide after her husband dumps her for a younger model, three women plot payback against their two-timing exes. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Five","tags":" Mark Tonderai Tom Cullen, O.T. Fagbenle, Lee Ingleby, Sarah Solemani, Hannah Arterton, Geraldine James, Michael Maloney, Rade Serbedzija, Jonathan Kerrigan, Don Warrington, Sophia La Porta Twenty years after 5-year-old Jesse disappears near his home, his DNA turns up at the scene of a woman's murder, baffling his family and the police. foregin,action,dramaforegin,action,drama"},{"title":"The Five Venoms","tags":" Cheh Chang Philip Kwok, Chien Sun, Sheng Chiang, Feng Lu, Meng Lo, Pai Wei, Lung Wei Wang, Feng Ku, Shu Pei Sun, Sun Chien A dying kung fu master sends his last student to track down five former pupils in order to learn which one of them has become evil. action,classic,foreginaction,classic,foregin"},{"title":"The Flintstones","tags":" Brian Levant John Goodman, Elizabeth Perkins, Rick Moranis, Rosie O'Donnell, Kyle MacLachlan, Halle Berry, Elizabeth Taylor, Dann Florek, Sam Raimi, Harvey Korman The Flintstones hit the big screen in this live-action comedy that finds Fred and Barney struggling to cope with the pressures of work and family. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas","tags":" Brian Levant Mark Addy, Stephen Baldwin, Kristen Johnston, Jane Krakowski, Joan Collins, Thomas Gibson, Alan Cumming Yabba-dabba-doo! Digital dinosaurs rule the day when Fred, Barney, Betty and Wilma take Vegas by storm in this prequel that posits their lives before marriage. family,comedy,romancefamily,comedy,romance"},{"title":"The Flying Guillotine","tags":" Meng Hua Ho Kuan Tai Chen, Feng Ku, Hung Wei, Wu Chi Liu, Yang Chiang In Qing-dynasty China, the emperor commands that a weapon be invented to kill at a distance without a trace. Then he orders it used on its wielders. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Forbidden Kingdom","tags":" Rob Minkoff Jackie Chan, Jet Li, Collin Chou, Liu Yifei, Li Bingbing, Michael Angarano, Morgan Benoit, Juana Collignon, Wang Deshun, Thomas McDonell Jackie Chan and Jet Li star in this rousing adventure about a martial arts movie fan who finds a mystical staff that transports him to ancient China. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Force","tags":" Peter Nicks  This documentary follows the police of Oakland, California, as they reform and face the challenges of corruption, commitment and cataclysmic change. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Foreigner","tags":" Martin Campbell Pierce Brosnan, Katie Leung, Manolo Cardona, Charlie Murphy, Pippa Bennett-Warner, Rufus Jones, Dermot Crowley, Jackie Chan, Simon Kunz, Rory Fleck Byrne, Liu Tao, Michael McElhatton, Orla Brady, David Pearse After his daughter is killed by terrorists, a sullen restaurateur seeks the identities of those responsible and travels to Ireland to take vengeance. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"The Forgotten","tags":" Oliver Frampton Clem Tibber, Elarica Johnson, James Doherty, Shaun Dingwall, Lyndsey Marshal After a teenager goes to live with his father in abandoned public housing, he hears strange noises and decides to investigate with his new friend. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Fosters","tags":"  Teri Polo, Sherri Saum, Jake T. Austin, Hayden Byerly, David Lambert, Maia Mitchell, Danny Nucci, Cierra Ramirez, Madisen Beaty, Alex Saxon This offbeat drama charts the ups and downs of an interracial lesbian couple and their multiethnic brood of biological, adopted and foster children. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Founder","tags":" John Lee Hancock Laura Dern, B.J. Novak, Patrick Wilson, John Carroll Lynch, Ric Reitz, John Carroll, Nick Offerman, Michael Keaton, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Linda Cardellini After a fateful encounter with the McDonald brothers, struggling salesman Ray Kroc becomes driven to change the way hamburgers are made and sold. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Free Man","tags":" Toa Fraser Jossi Wells Olympic freestyle skier Jossi Wells learns the dangerous extreme sport of highlining with help from death-defying daredevils the Flying Frenchies. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"The Frozen Ground","tags":" Scott Walker Nicolas Cage, John Cusack, Vanessa Hudgens, Dean Norris, Radha Mitchell, 50 Cent, Kevin Dunn, Olga Valentina, Michael McGrady, Jodi Lyn O'Keefe In this fact-based thriller, an Alaska state trooper pursuing a serial killer teams with a 17-year-old-prostitute who escaped the predator's clutches. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Furchester Hotel","tags":"  Sarah Burgess, Ryan Dillon, Louise Gold, David Rudman, Andrew Spooner, Mak Wilson Elmo hops across the pond to help his extended monster family solve problems at their \"almost\" world-class establishment, the Furchester Hotel. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"The Future of Water","tags":"   A look at the deeply intertwined history of humanity and fresh water reveals looming challenges that could upend power structures around the world. documental,foregin,documentaldocumental,foregin,documental"},{"title":"The Gathering","tags":" Nia Dinata Cut Mini Theo, Tora Sudiro, Aida Nurmala, Surya Saputra, Rachel Maryam Sayidina, Trey Gondokusumo, Lili Harahap, Aurora Yahya, Wilza Lubis, Nico Siahaan Between divorce, bad relationships and coming out as gay, a group of affluent friends realize that none of their lives are as easy as they seem. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Gentleman Driver","tags":" Mario Mattei  This documentary follows four tycoons who moonlight as motorsport competitors and examines what fuels them to succeed, both at work and on the track. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"The Ghost Who Walks","tags":" Cody Stokes Garland Scott, Frank Mosley, Alexia Rasmussen, Gil Darnell, Dasha Nekrasova, Nattalyee Randall, Linda Kennedy, Peter Mayer, Curtis York, Dennis Lebby Desperate to meet his daughter, a convict cuts a deal by ratting out his old boss. Free and searching for his family, he must dodge a hit on his life. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo","tags":" David Fincher Daniel Craig, Rooney Mara, Christopher Plummer, Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd, Steven Berkoff, Robin Wright, Yorick van Wageningen, Joely Richardson, Geraldine James, Goran Visnjic When a young computer hacker is tasked with investigating a prying journalist, their separate missions become entangled amid a decades-old conspiracy. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Golden Years with Javed Akhtar","tags":"   Writer, poet and lyricist Javed Akhtar hosts this musical trip down memory lane, revealing untold stories behind India's best songs of 1950-75. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Golem","tags":" Doron Paz, Yoav Paz Hani Furstenberg, Ishai Golan, Kirill Cernyakov, Brynie Furstenberg, Lenny Ravitz, Alexey Tritenko, Adi Kvetner, Mariya Khomutova, Veronika Shostak, Konstantin Anikienko As sickness spreads throughout the countryside, an infertile woman conjures a living child out of clay and sets it loose on her enemies. suspense,foregin,foreginsuspense,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Good Catholic","tags":" Paul Shoulberg Zachary Spicer, Wrenn Schmidt, Danny Glover, John C. McGinley A young priest\u2019s faith is tested when he finds himself attracted to a woman he meets at confession and his ideals are shaken to the core. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"The Good Neighbor","tags":" Kasra Farahani James Caan, Logan Miller, Keir Gilchrist, Laura Innes, Edwin Hodge, Anne Dudek, Bailey Noble, Lili Reinhart, Mindy Sterling Two tech-savvy teens plot to fool a cranky old neighbor into believing his house is haunted, but their cruel prank soon takes some unexpected turns. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Goods: Live Hard, Sell Hard","tags":" Neal Brennan Jeremy Piven, Ving Rhames, James Brolin, David Koechner, Kathryn Hahn, Ed Helms, Jordana Spiro, Tony Hale, Ken Jeong, Rob Riggle, Kristen Schaal, Alan Thicke, Jonathan Sadowski, Joey Kern, Craig Robinson Hired to rescue a flagging car dealership during a major sale, a fast-talking closer spends his days on the lot and his nights at local strip clubs. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Gospel of John","tags":" David Batty Selva Rasalingam, Mourad Zaoui, El Mahmoudi M'Barek, Abdelilah Wahbi, Abdelaziz N'Mila, Ait Youssef Youssef, David Harewood In the first of four word-for-word film adaptations, Aramaic-speaking actors re-create the stories of Jesus' life from the fourth gospel. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"The Gospel of Luke","tags":" David Batty Selva Rasalingam, Karima Gouit, Mourad Zaoui, El Mahmoudi M'Barek, Abdelilah Wahbi, Abdelaziz N'Mila, Ait Youssef Youssef, Mohamed El Korchi, Ramdane Aala Word-for-word Bible texts of the entire book of Luke are narrated and re-enacted in this epic production of the Gospel's accounts of Jesus's life. drama,religiondrama,religion"},{"title":"The Great Battle","tags":"  Zo In-sung, Nam Joo-hyuk, Park Sung-woong, Bae Seong-woo, Seolhyun, Jung Eun-chae, Yu Oh-seong, Sung Dong-il, Oh Dae-whan In seventh-century Korea, the commander of Ansi Fortress, Yang Man-chun, combats Tang invaders in a retelling of an epic clash against all odds. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Great British Baking Show: Masterclass","tags":"  Mary Berry, Paul Hollywood Hosts Mary Berry and Paul Hollywood leave the tent and go into the kitchen to put their professional spin on baking techniques used in the show. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The Great Gambler","tags":" Shakti Samanta Amitabh Bachchan, Zeenat Aman, Neetu Singh, Prem Chopra, Utpal Dutt, Madan Puri, Om Shivpuri, Iftekhar, Sujit Kumar, Roopesh Kumar After unwittingly using his skills to obtain military secrets, a gambler is pursued by a police officer who happens to be his doppelg\u00e4nger. action,classic,classicaction,classic,classic"},{"title":"The Great Raid","tags":" John Dahl Benjamin Bratt, James Franco, Connie Nielsen, Marton Csokas, Joseph Fiennes, Motoki Kobayashi, Robert Mammone, Natalie Mendoza, Cesar Montano, James Carpinello, Mark Consuelos, Sam Worthington, Craig McLachlan, Max Martini, Clayne Crawford In World War II, a battalion goes on a daring rescue mission to liberate the Americans and Filipinos who've been captured by the Japanese. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"The Great Train Robbery","tags":"  Luke Evans, Jim Broadbent, Paul Anderson, Martin Compston, Neil Maskell, Jack Roth, George Costigan, Robert Glenister, Nick Moran, Tim Pigott-Smith, James Fox, James Wilby, Jack Gordon, Nicholas Murchie, Del Synnott, Richard Hope, John Salthouse This two-part tale delivers the true story of the Great Train Robbery of 1963, the biggest one in England's history. foregin,action,foreginforegin,action,foregin"},{"title":"The Green Hornet","tags":" Michel Gondry Seth Rogen, Jay Chou, Cameron Diaz, Tom Wilkinson, Christoph Waltz, David Harbour, Edward James Olmos, Jamie Harris, Chad L. Coleman, Edward Furlong A hard-partying heir dons a disguise to fight crime after hours. But with no talents or skills, he relies on his friend, a martial-arts genius. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"The Guild","tags":"  Felicia Day, Sandeep Parikh, Jeff Lewis, Robin Thorsen, Amy Okuda, Vincent Caso Fantasy and reality collide when a surprisingly diverse group of online video-game addicts struggle to balance the game with personal relationships. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Hatred","tags":" Michael G. Kehoe Sarah Davenport, Andrew Divoff, Gabrielle Bourne, Bayley Corman, Alisha Wainwright, Nina Siemaszko, Shae Smolik, David Naughton, Amanda Wyss, Darby Walker Four young women head to a country house for an idyllic weekend retreat. But what lies in store for them is far from the dreamy getaway they imagined. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Haunting of Molly Hartley","tags":" Mickey Liddell Haley Bennett, Jake Weber, Chace Crawford, Shannon Woodward, Shanna Collins, AnnaLynne McCord, Marin Hinkle, Nina Siemaszko, Josh Stewart, Jessica Lowndes, Randy Wayne A troubled teenage girl hopes to start fresh at a new school, but the horrifying truth about her past is destined to catch up with her. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Healer","tags":" Paco Arango Oliver Jackson-Cohen, Camilla Luddington, Jonathan Pryce, Jorge Garc\u00eda, Kaitlyn Bernard A handyman who has hit rock bottom agrees to live with his distant uncle, who insists that his ability to fix things extends beyond the repair shop. family,drama,religionfamily,drama,religion"},{"title":"The Heat: A Kitchen (R)evolution","tags":" Maya Gallus  Seven female chefs describe what it\u2019s like breaking into the restaurant industry's notorious boys' club. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Help","tags":" Tate Taylor Emma Stone, Viola Davis, Bryce Dallas Howard, Octavia Spencer, Jessica Chastain, Ahna O'Reilly, Allison Janney, Anna Camp, Cicely Tyson, Mike Vogel, Sissy Spacek, Mary Steenburgen, Carol Sutton, Dana Ivey, Amy Beckwith, Aunjanue Ellis, Kelsey Scott, Lauren Miller, Tarra Riggs, Wes Chatham, Ashley Johnson, Roslyn Ruff, Brian Kerwin, Shane McRae, Chris Lowell, Charles Cooper, Leslie Jordan, La Chanze, Elizabeth Smith, Nelsan Ellis, Ritchie Montgomery, Ted Welch, David Oyelowo, Tiffany Brouwer A young, white writer stirs up the status quo in 1960s Mississippi by interviewing Black housemaids and bringing their stories to the masses. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Heretics","tags":" Chad Archibald Nina Kiri, Ry Barrett, Jorja Cadence, Will King, Nina Richmond A withdrawn young woman hunted by a malicious cult is abducted by a brooding stranger and undergoes a bizarre transformation. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Heroes of Evil","tags":" Zoe Berriat\u00faa Emilio Palacios, Jorge Clemente, Beatriz Medina, Macarena G\u00f3mez, Olivia Baglivi, Paula Soldevila, Nacho Coronado, Beatriz Olivares Three teenage misfits find camaraderie in sex, violence and petty crime. But what starts as a lark soon threatens to damage them beyond repair. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Heyday of the Insensitive Bastards","tags":" Mark Columbus, Lauren Hoekstra, Sarah Kruchowski, Ryan Moody, Simon Savelyev, Vanita Shastry, Shadae Lamar Smith, Jeremy David White James Franco, Rico Rodriguez, Abigail Spencer, Natalie Portman, Kristen Wiig, Amber Tamblyn, Jim Parrack, Kate Mara, Thomas Mann, Matthew Modine, Jacob Loeb An all-star cast brings to life the short stories of author Robert Boswell in this anthology series of vignettes set in modern-day America. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Hollow Point","tags":" Gonzalo L\u00f3pez-Gallego Patrick Wilson, Ian McShane, John Leguizamo, Lynn Collins, Jim Belushi, Karli Hall, David H. Stevens, Derek Boone New straight-arrow sheriff Wallace finds he must join forces with brutal ex-lawman Leland to protect a troubled border town from a cartel hit man. actionaction"},{"title":"The Holy Man","tags":" Note Chern-Yim Pongsak Pongsuwan, Note Chern-Yim, Sarawut Phumthong, Savika Chaiyadej, Somlek Sakdikul, Petchtai Wongkamlao Formerly a troubled youth, a monk is given charge of a Buddhist temple neglected by superstitious villagers under the spell of a fake psychic. comedy,religion,foregincomedy,religion,foregin"},{"title":"The House on Coco Road","tags":" Damani Baker  This film chronicles the journey of Fannie Haughton, an Oakland activist who fled to Grenada with her family just prior to the U.S. invasion in 1983. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The House That Made Me","tags":"  Vinay Pathak With host Vinay Pathak, Indian celebrities return to their childhood homes to reconnect with the past and share stories of their journey to success. foregin,showforegin,show"},{"title":"The Human Factor: The Untold Story of the Bombay Film Orchestras","tags":" Rudradeep Bhattacharjee  A family of Parsi musicians collectively works for over 60 years scoring the orchestral soundtracks for some of Bollywood's most memorable films. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Humanity Bureau","tags":" Rob W. King Nicolas Cage, Sarah Lind, Hugh Dillon, Jakob Davies, Vicellous Shannon, Kurt Max Runte, Lorne Cardinal, Jett Klyne, David Lovgren In a dystopian, near-future United States, a deportation caseworker who has begun to question authority tries to safeguard a woman and her young son. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Hundred-Foot Journey","tags":" Lasse Hallstr\u00f6m Helen Mirren, Om Puri, Manish Dayal, Charlotte Le Bon, Amit Shah, Farzana Dua Elahe, Dillon Mitra, Aria Pandya A chef and his family leave India to open an eatery in the south of France, where they clash with the haughty restaurateur across the street. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"The Hunt","tags":"  David Attenborough Witness some of the most riveting showdowns in the animal kingdom as cameras capture leopards, polar bears and other predators targeting their prey. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"The Hurricane Heist","tags":" Rob Cohen Toby Kebbell, Maggie Grace, Ryan Kwanten, Ralph Ineson, Melissa Bolona, Ben Cross, Jamie Andrew Cutler A deadly hurricane with mile-high waves provides the perfect cover for stealing $600 million from a U.S. Treasury outpost in Mississippi. actionaction"},{"title":"The Hurt Business","tags":" Vlad Yudin Kevin Costner Featuring legendary and up-and-coming MMA fighters, this documentary details the history of the brutal sport and the fighters' struggles and triumphs. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus","tags":" Terry Gilliam Heath Ledger, Christopher Plummer, Andrew Garfield, Verne Troyer, Lily Cole, Tom Waits, Johnny Depp, Colin Farrell, Jude Law When a deal with the devil comes due, the immortal Doctor Parnassus must renegotiate the pact to save his daughter and right the wrongs of his past. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Inbetweeners","tags":"  Simon Bird, James Buckley, Blake Harrison, Joe Thomas, Greg Davies, Emily Head, Martin Trenaman, Belinda Stewart-Wilson, Robin Weaver, Henry Lloyd-Hughes This rib-tickling series follows four English lads as they try \u2013 and fail spectacularly \u2013 to navigate the wretched no-man's land of adolescence. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"The Incident","tags":" Isaac Ezban Ra\u00fal M\u00e9ndez, Nailea Norvind, Hern\u00e1n Mendoza, Humberto Busto, Fernando \u00c1lvarez Rebeil, Gabriel Santoyo, Paulina Montemayor, H\u00e9ctor Mendoza, Leonel Tinajero, Marcos Moreno Two criminals race down a stairwell, a cop close behind. A bickering family begins a road trip. Their journeys will take far longer than expected. foregin,fantasy,suspenseforegin,fantasy,suspense"},{"title":"The Incredible Story of the Giant Pear","tags":" Philip Einstein Lipski, J\u00f8rgen Lerdam, Amalie N\u00e6sby Fick Paul Tylak, Susie Power, Roger Gregg, Dermot Magennis, Marcus Lamb, J. Drew Lucas Sebastian the elephant and his feline friend Mithco sail on a gigantic peach to rescue Sunnytown's beloved mayor, who's stranded on a mysterious island. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Incredibles 2","tags":" Brad Bird Craig T. Nelson, Holly Hunter, Samuel L. Jackson, Sarah Vowell, Huck Milner, Catherine Keener, Bob Odenkirk, Sophia Bush, Brad Bird, John Ratzenberger When Elastigirl gets recruited for a high-profile crime-fighting mission, Mr. Incredible takes on his toughest assignment ever: full-time parenting. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Indian in the Cupboard","tags":" Frank Oz Hal Scardino, Litefoot, Lindsay Crouse, Richard Jenkins, Rishi Bhat, Steve Coogan, David Keith, Sakina Jaffrey, Vincent Kartheiser, Nestor Serrano A boy receives a wooden cupboard, antique keys and an Iroquois warrior figurine for his birthday. The figurine comes to life overnight in the cabinet. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"The Informant!","tags":" Steven Soderbergh Matt Damon, Scott Bakula, Joel McHale, Melanie Lynskey, Thomas F. Wilson, Patton Oswalt, Tony Hale, Eddie Jemison, Paul F. Tompkins, Tom Papa While gathering evidence against his employer to help the FBI build a price-fixing case, Mark Whitacre begins to piece together a fantasy world. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"The Intent","tags":" Femi Oyeniran, Kalvadour Peterson Dylan Duffus, Scorcher, Shone Romulus, Jade Asha, Femi Oyeniran, Ashley Chin, Nicky Slimting Walker, Fekky After burgeoning criminal Gunz joins the increasingly violent TIC crew, the gang finds itself dealing with threats from all sides. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Intent 2: The Come Up","tags":" Femi Oyeniran, Nicky Slimting Walker Justin Clarke Samuel, Ashley Chin, Nicky Slimting Walker, Femi Oyeniran, Dylan Duffus, Shone Romulus, Adam Deacon, Karen Bryson, Selva Rasalingam, Jay Brown During a trip to Jamaica, a London gang targets a disloyal member who has been meeting with rivals. Meanwhile, an undercover cop stands among them. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Invention of Lying","tags":" Ricky Gervais, Matthew Robinson Ricky Gervais, Jennifer Garner, Jonah Hill, Louis C.K., Jeffrey Tambor, Fionnula Flanagan, Rob Lowe, Tina Fey, Donna Sorbello, Stephanie March In a world where no one fibs, a screenwriter gains fame and fortune \u2013 and maybe the girl of his dreams \u2013 by saying things that aren't true. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"The Investigator: A British Crime Story","tags":"  Mark Williams-Thomas, Rick Warden, Frances Millar, Tanya Winsor, Alice Harding, David Bannerman, Danielle Bird, Eve Perry, Polly Lewis, Billy James Machin After 40 years of inconclusive evidence, renowned criminologist Mark Williams-Thomas re-examines a string of mysterious murders. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"The Invitation","tags":" Karyn Kusama Logan Marshall-Green, Emayatzy Corinealdi, Aiden Lovekamp, Michelle Krusiec, Mike Doyle, Jordi Vilasuso, Jay Larson, Marieh Delfino, Tammy Blanchard, Michiel Huisman, Lindsay Burdge, John Carroll Lynch A man accepts an invitation to a dinner party hosted by his ex-wife, an unsettling affair that reopens old wounds and creates new tensions. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Iron Lady","tags":" Phyllida Lloyd Meryl Streep, Jim Broadbent, Alexandra Roach, Harry Lloyd, Olivia Colman, Iain Glen, Victoria Bewick, Nicholas Farrell, John Sessions, Anthony Head, David Westhead, Julian Wadham, Richard E. Grant, Angus Wright, Roger Allam, Michael Pennington, Susan Brown, Phoebe Waller-Bridge Margaret Thatcher, the first female prime minister of Britain, navigates a career destined to change the rules of leadership and politics. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Jack King Affair","tags":" Benjamin Cohen, Nicolas Cotto  This documentary explores a bold World War II operation in which an MI5 agent infiltrated a fascist network to intercept stolen documents. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Jaime Maussan Show","tags":"  Jaime Maussan Mexican journalist and UFO investigator Jaime Maussan travels the world collecting evidence and firsthand accounts of extraterrestrial phenomena. documental,foregin,foregindocumental,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Jane Austen Book Club","tags":" Robin Swicord Maria Bello, Emily Blunt, Kathy Baker, Amy Brenneman, Maggie Grace, Jimmy Smits, Hugh Dancy, Marc Blucas, Lynn Redgrave, Kevin Zegers, Nancy Travis Six book club members find their lives resemble a modern-day version of Jane Austen's novels in this drama. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"The Jungle Book","tags":"  Emma Tate, Jimmy Hibbert, Sam Gold, David Holt, Joseph J. Terry This animated series follows young Mowgli and his animal mentors Bagheera and Baloo, who do their best to protect him from fierce tiger Shere Khan. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Jungle School","tags":" Riri Riza Prisia Nasution, Nyungsang Bungo, Rukman Rosadi, Nadhira Suryadi, Ines Somellera An idealistic young woman travels to the jungles of Indonesia to teach literacy \u2013 and much more \u2013 to local children. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Keeping Hours","tags":" Karen Moncrieff Lee Pace, Carrie Coon, Sander Thomas, Amy Smart, Ray Baker, Ana Ortiz, Molly Hagan, Christina Vidal, Anna Diop, Jane Daly, Cliff Chamberlain Years after the death of their only child and subsequent divorce, a couple discovers that their son's ghost continues to inhabit their former home. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The King's Speech","tags":" Tom Hooper Colin Firth, Geoffrey Rush, Helena Bonham Carter, Guy Pearce, Timothy Spall, Derek Jacobi, Jennifer Ehle, Anthony Andrews, Claire Bloom, Eve Best, Michael Gambon In this biographical drama, Britain's King George VI struggles with an embarrassing stutter until he seeks help from speech therapist Lionel Logue. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The L Word","tags":"  Jennifer Beals, Leisha Hailey, Laurel Holloman, Mia Kirshner, Katherine Moennig, Pam Grier, Rachel Shelley, Daniela Sea, Erin Daniels, Marlee Matlin This trailblazing series follows the tangled lives and ever-changing relationships among a close-knit group of lesbians who call Los Angeles home. romance,dramaromance,drama"},{"title":"The Lady in Dignity","tags":"  Hee-seon Kim, Seon-a Kim, Sang-hun Jeong, Tae-im Lee, Ki-woo Lee The wife of a corporate heir finds her luxurious life overturned by a mysterious woman who joins the household as a caregiver for her father-in-law. foregin,foregin,dramaforegin,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Lake House","tags":" Alejandro Agresti Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, Dylan Walsh, Shohreh Aghdashloo, Ebon Moss-Bachrach, Lynn Collins, Willeke van Ammelrooy, Christopher Plummer A lonely doctor begins writing letters to the frustrated architect who lives in her former home, only to discover that they're living two years apart. drama,romance,fantasydrama,romance,fantasy"},{"title":"The Lamb","tags":" Timothy Reckart Steven Yeun, Keegan-Michael Key, Aidy Bryant, Gina Rodriguez, Zachary Levi, Christopher Plummer, Ving Rhames, Gabriel Iglesias, Kelly Clarkson, Anthony Anderson, Patricia Heaton, Kris Kristofferson, Kristin Chenoweth, Mariah Carey, Oprah Winfrey, Tyler Perry, Tracy Morgan A big-dreaming donkey escapes his menial existence and befriends some free-spirited animal pals in this imaginative retelling of the Nativity Story. family,religionfamily,religion"},{"title":"The Land of the Enlightened","tags":" Pieter-Jan De Pue Sohrab Nazari In the rugged mountains of Afghanistan, armed bands of young boys survive by scavenging for old land mines, mining lapis lazuli and trading in opium. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Last Days of Chez Nous","tags":" Gillian Armstrong Lisa Harrow, Bruno Ganz, Kerry Fox, Miranda Otto, Kiri Paramore, Bill Hunter Successful writer Beth's tepid marriage and home life face a new round of challenges when her footloose younger sister arrives for an extended visit. classic,dramaclassic,drama"},{"title":"The Last Exorcism","tags":" Daniel Stamm Patrick Fabian, Ashley Bell, Iris Bahr, Louis Herthum, Caleb Landry Jones, Tony Bentley, John Wright Jr., Shanna Forrestall, Justin Shafer, Carol Sutton Ready to expose his miraculous deeds as mere trickery, a famed evangelist invites a documentary crew to film his final exorcism. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Last Face","tags":" Sean Penn Javier Bardem, Charlize Theron, Ad\u00e8le Exarchopoulos, Jared Harris, Jean Reno, Denise Newman, Merritt Wever, Sibongile Mlambo Savage civil war and a dispute over humanitarian assistance threaten to unravel a checkered romance between an aid director and a doctor. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Last Hangover","tags":" Rodrigo Van Der Put F\u00e1bio Porchat, Greg\u00f3rio Duvivier, Antonio Tabet, Pedro Benevides, Paulo Vieira, Rafael Portugal, F\u00e1bio de Luca, Karina Ramil, Evelyn Castro, Pedro Monteiro, Camilo Borges, Gabriel Totoro, Victor Leal, Rafael Logan In this biblical \"Hangover\" spoof, the apostles awaken to find Jesus is missing and must piece together events of the previous night's wild Last Supper. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Last Man on the Moon","tags":" Mark Craig Eugene Cernan Astronaut Gene Cernan looks back on the exciting history of NASA's lunar landings and how being the last man to stand on the moon changed his life. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Last Resort","tags":" Dennis Scholl, Kareem Tabsch  In the waning days of the 70s, two young photographers document the Jewish retirees who dominated the sunny shores of South Beach. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Last Whistle","tags":" Rob Smat Brad Leland, Jim O'Heir, Deanne Lauvin, Les Miles, Eric Nelsen, Fred Tolliver Jr, Tyler Perez, Sainty Nelsen After a star player dies during football practice, his coach\u2019s career and reputation are on the line as he refuses to quit his win-at-all-costs style. drama,sportsdrama,sports"},{"title":"The Legend of 420","tags":" Peter Spirer  This documentary explores the growing trend of marijuana decriminalization in the U.S. and the use of cannabis in medicine, art, fine dining and more. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Legend of Michael Mishra","tags":" Manish Jha Arshad Warsi, Aditi Rao Hydari, Kayoze Irani, Boman Irani After a life of crime, a notorious kidnapper tries to change his ways and turn over a new leaf to win the heart of the woman he loves. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Little Hours","tags":" Jeff Baena Alison Brie, Dave Franco, Kate Micucci, Aubrey Plaza, John C. Reilly, Molly Shannon, Fred Armisen, Jemima Kirke, Lauren Weedman, Nick Offerman, Paul Reiser, Adam Pally, Paul Weitz, Jon Gabrus Life at a convent takes an unruly turn when three unconventionally opinionated nuns cross paths with a tempting new gardener. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Little Mermaid","tags":" Blake Harris, Chris Bouchard William Moseley, Poppy Drayton, Loreto Peralta, Armando Gutierrez, Shirley MacLaine, Gina Gershon, Shanna Collins, Chris Yong, Jo Marie Payton, Tom Nowicki In this take on the classic tale, a captive circus mermaid transforms the lives of a skeptical journalist and his wide-eyed young sister. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"The Little Prince","tags":" Mark Osborne Jeff Bridges, Mackenzie Foy, Rachel McAdams, Riley Osborne, Marion Cotillard, Bud Cort, Ricky Gervais, Albert Brooks, James Franco, Benicio Del Toro, Paul Rudd, Paul Giamatti When an overscheduled girl befriends an eccentric aviator, he regales her with tales about the adventures of an unusual boy who lives on an asteroid. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Lives of Others","tags":" Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck Ulrich M\u00fche, Martina Gedeck, Sebastian Koch, Ulrich Tukur, Thomas Thieme, Hans-Uwe Bauer, Volkmar Kleinert, Matthias Brenner, Charly H\u00fcbner As a secret police agent eavesdrops on a successful writer in East Germany in 1984, he becomes increasingly fascinated by the man's life and politics. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Lizzie Borden Chronicles","tags":"  Christina Ricci, Clea DuVall, Cole Hauser, Dylan Taylor, John Ralston, Bradley Stryker, Olivia Llewellyn, Jeff Wincott, Jessy Schram, Martha Irving, Gabrielle Trudel Exonerated in the murder of her father and stepmother, Lizzie Borden takes on crime lords, detectives and other foes as she savors her new infamy. action,drama,suspenseaction,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Lobster","tags":" Yorgos Lanthimos Colin Farrell, Jessica Barden, Rachel Weisz, Olivia Colman, Ashley Jensen, Ariane Labed, Aggeliki Papoulia, John C. Reilly, L\u00e9a Seydoux, Michael Smiley, Ben Whishaw In a near-future world, single people are hunted and forced to find mates within 45 days, or be turned into animals and banished to the wilderness. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Lodgers","tags":" Brian O'Malley Charlotte Vega, Bill Milner, David Bradley, Eugene Simon, Moe Dunford, Deirdre O'Kane, Roisin Murphy, Anthony Murphy, Brendan O'Rourke, Emmett Kelly Twin siblings live under a curse in their ancestral home, but one of them is tempted to defy house rules, angering the spirits keeping them hostage. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Long Goodbye: The Kara Tippetts Story","tags":" Jay Lyons  Faced with terminal breast cancer, a courageous wife and mother turns her suffering into a resilient message of faith, love and compassion. documental,religiondocumental,religion"},{"title":"The Longest Yard","tags":" Robert Aldrich Burt Reynolds, Eddie Albert, Ed Lauter, James Hampton, Charles Tyner, Bernadette Peters, Richard Kiel, Joe Dorsey, Joe Jackson, Harry Caesar, John Steadman, Jim Nicholson, Tony Cacciotti Washed-up professional quarterback Paul Crewe is sent to jail and forced to put together an inmate gridiron team to take on a group of prison guards. classic,comedy,sportsclassic,comedy,sports"},{"title":"The Longshots","tags":" Fred Durst Ice Cube, Keke Palmer, Tasha Smith, Jill Marie Jones, Dash Mihok, Matt Craven, Glenn Plummer, Garrett Morris, Miles Chandler, Malcolm Goodwin When an 11-year-old girl becomes Pop Warner football's first female quarterback, she raises eyebrows \u2013 till she takes her team to the brink of glory. comedy,drama,sportscomedy,drama,sports"},{"title":"The Look of Silence","tags":" Joshua Oppenheimer  In a society terrorized into silence, the brother of a 1960s Indonesian genocide victim learns the identity of his murderers and confronts them. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King","tags":" Peter Jackson Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Liv Tyler, Viggo Mortensen, Sean Astin, Cate Blanchett, John Rhys-Davies, Bernard Hill, Billy Boyd, Dominic Monaghan, Orlando Bloom, Hugo Weaving Aragorn is revealed as the heir to the ancient kings as he, Gandalf and the other members of the broken fellowship struggle to save Gondor. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers","tags":" Peter Jackson Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Liv Tyler, Viggo Mortensen, Sean Astin, Cate Blanchett, John Rhys-Davies, Bernard Hill, Christopher Lee, Billy Boyd, Dominic Monaghan, Orlando Bloom Frodo and Sam head to Mordor to destroy the One Ring of Power while Gimli, Legolas and Aragorn search for the orc-captured Merry and Pippin. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Love Guru","tags":" Marco Schnabel Mike Myers, Jessica Alba, Justin Timberlake, Ben Kingsley, Romany Malco, Meagan Good, Verne Troyer, Omid Djalili, Telma Hopkins Raised on an ashram in India, a self-styled love guru returns to his native America to settle a romantic rivalry between two pro hockey players. comedy,sportscomedy,sports"},{"title":"The Lovers and the Despot","tags":" Robert Cannan, Ross Adam  This firsthand account tells of two kidnapped South Korean movie professionals who became the unwilling personal filmmakers of dictator Kim Jong-il. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The lynx","tags":" Stanis\u0142aw R\u00f3\u017cewicz Jerzy Radziwi\u0142owicz, Franciszek Pieczka, Piotr Bajor, Ryszarda Hanin, Janusz Paluszkiewicz, Henryk Machalica, Hanna Miku\u0107, Maria Klejdysz A priest's duties are tested when a young guerrilla asks for absolution while confessing his plans to murder a local man he believes is a traitor. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Mad Monk","tags":" Johnny To Stephen Chow, Maggie Cheung, Anthony Wong Chau-Sang, Kirk Wong, Ng Man-Tat, Anita Mui To avoid punishment for his misdeeds, an arrogant god accepts a mission to reform three mortals on earth, where he must also contend with a demon. comedy,foregin,fantasycomedy,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"The Magic Pill","tags":" Robert Tate Pete Evans, William Davis, Loren Cordain Doctors, farmers, chefs and others weigh in on the controversial ketogenic diet and its potential to eradicate common illnesses. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Making of Frozen Planet","tags":"  David Attenborough Documentary crew members brave Earth's most frigid regions to capture the majesty and mystery found in the chillier side of the animal kingdom. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"The Man Who Would Be Polka King","tags":" John Mikulak, Joshua Brown Jan Lewan, Greg Korin This irreverent documentary reveals how charming entertainer Jan Lewan bilked investors out of millions in a complicated investment scam. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"The Mask of Zorro","tags":" Martin Campbell Antonio Banderas, Anthony Hopkins, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Stuart Wilson, Matt Letscher, Tony Amendola, Pedro Armend\u00e1riz Jr., William Marquez, Jos\u00e9 P\u00e9rez, Victor Rivers An aging Zorro passes the torch to a young successor, schooling him in discipline and training him to take up the sword against crooked officials. action,romanceaction,romance"},{"title":"The Matrix","tags":" Lilly Wachowski, Lana Wachowski Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, Gloria Foster, Joe Pantoliano, Marcus Chong, Julian Arahanga, Matt Doran, Belinda McClory A computer hacker learns that what most people perceive as reality is actually a simulation created by machines, and joins a rebellion to break free. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Matrix Reloaded","tags":" Lilly Wachowski, Lana Wachowski Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, Jada Pinkett Smith, Gloria Foster, Harold Perrineau, Monica Bellucci, Harry Lennix, Lambert Wilson, Randall Duk Kim, Nona Gaye The crew must protect Zion, the last outpost still under human control, after it is pinpointed by the machines responsible for the Matrix. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Matrix Revolutions","tags":" Lilly Wachowski, Lana Wachowski Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, Jada Pinkett Smith, Mary Alice, Harold Perrineau, Monica Bellucci, Harry Lennix, Lambert Wilson, Nona Gaye The final installment in the Matrix trilogy finds an unconscious Neo trapped in a subway station in a zone between the Matrix and the machine world. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Mayo Clinic","tags":" Ken Burns, Christopher Loren Ewers, Erik Ewers Peter Coyote A look at how a world-renowned medical institution prioritizes patients' needs and has adapted to healthcare's evolving demands for over 150 years. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Mayor","tags":" Park In-je Min-sik Choi, Do-won Kwak, Eun-kyung Shim, So-ri Moon, Mi-ran Ra, Hye-young Ryu, Ki Hong Lee, Sun-gyu Jin, Joo-yeon Lee, Byeong-eun Park With the presidency in mind, the incumbent mayor of Seoul runs for an unprecedented third term \u2013 and will stop at nothing to keep his secrets hidden. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Memphis Belle: A Story of a\nFlying Fortress","tags":" William Wyler  This documentary centers on the crew of the B-17 Flying Fortress Memphis Belle as it prepares to execute a strategic bombing mission over Germany. classic,documentalclassic,documental"},{"title":"The Men Who Stare at Goats","tags":" Grant Heslov George Clooney, Ewan McGregor, Jeff Bridges, Kevin Spacey, Stephen Lang, Robert Patrick, Waleed Zuaiter, Stephen Root, Glenn Morshower, Nick Offerman, Tim Griffin, Rebecca Mader A journalist latches onto an unbelievable story in Iraq when he meets Lyn, a man of mysterious origins who reveals he was a \"warrior monk.\" comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Messengers","tags":"  Shantel VanSanten, Diogo Morgado, JD Pardo, Joel Courtney, Jon Fletcher, Sofia Black D'Elia, Anna Diop, Craig Frank A group of strangers who are killed by a mysterious object soon come back to life and learn they have been chosen to prevent the apocalypse. drama,suspense,fantasydrama,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"The Mind of a Chef","tags":"  Anthony Bourdain, David Chang, Sean Brock, April Bloomfield, Edward Lee, Magnus Nilsson, Gabrielle Hamilton, David Kinch, Ludo Lefebvre Producer and narrator Anthony Bourdain explores the creative processes of international celebrity chefs to learn what fuels their culinary artistry. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Minimighty Kids","tags":"   Some have big feet or a sniffly nose, others are clumsy or too sweaty \u2013 but these kids soon discover their mini problems can become superpowers. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Ministry of Time","tags":"  Rodolfo Sancho, Aura Garrido, Nacho Fresneda, Cayetana Guill\u00e9n Cuervo, Juan Gea, Jaime Blanch, Natalia Millan, Juli\u00e1n Villagr\u00e1n, Hugo Silva, Francesca Pi\u00f1\u00f3n, Mar Saura, Ram\u00f3n Langa, Andr\u00e9s Gertr\u00fadix, Macarena Garc\u00eda Three officers from different eras work for a secret agency guarding Spain's past from time-traveling intruders trying to manipulate history. foregin,foregin,actionforegin,foregin,action"},{"title":"The Model","tags":" Mads Matthiesen Maria Palm, Ed Skrein, Yvonnick Muller, Charlotte Tomaszewska, Virgile Bramly, Marco Ils\u00f8, Dominic Allburn Danish teen Emma moves to Paris hoping to become a top model, but her dreams soon unravel when her affair with photographer Shane turns obsessive. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Monster","tags":" Bryan Bertino Zoe Kazan, Ella Ballentine, Aaron Douglas, Christine Ebadi, Marc Hickox, Scott Speedman, Chris Webb A troubled mother-daughter relationship faces the ultimate test when the duo\u2019s broken-down car leaves them trapped within reach of a vicious creature. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Monster of Mangatiti","tags":" John Banas Greta Gregory, Mark Mitchinson, Bruce Hopkins, John Sumner, Flynn Allen, Harriet Beattie, Carolyn Dando, Laurie Dee, Ruth Dudding Real events are dramatized in the unthinkable story of a resilient teenager held prisoner by a seasoned predator on a remote farm in the 1980s. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Mortified Guide","tags":"   Brave people get onstage to read hilarious and humiliating tales of gawky teenage love, family dysfunction and other stories from their younger years. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Most Beautiful Hands of Delhi","tags":"  Bj\u00f6rn Kjellman, Joy Sengupta, Natasha Jayetileke A stalled career, failed marriage and receding hairline drive a middle-aged Swedish man to try to revitalize his life by visiting India. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"The Muppets","tags":" James Bobin Jason Segel, Amy Adams, Chris Cooper, Rashida Jones, Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear, Gonzo, Muppets, Steve Whitmire, Eric Jacobson, Dave Goelz, Bill Barretta, David Rudman, Matt Vogel, Peter Linz When the Muppets learn that their beloved theater is slated for demolition, the gang reunite to raise the $10 million they need to save it. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Murder Detectives","tags":"   This series tracks the ups and downs of an 18-month investigation into the 2014 stabbing murder of teenager Nicholas Robinson in Bristol, England. foregin,action,documentalforegin,action,documental"},{"title":"The Music of Silence","tags":" Michael Radford Toby Sebastian, Luisa Ranieri, Jordi Moll\u00e0, Antonio Banderas, Ennio Fantastichini, Nadir Caselli, Alessandro Sperduti, Francesco Salvi Based on the autobiography by tenor Andrea Bocelli, this musical biopic chronicles his life from his bumpy childhood to his meteoric rise to fame. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad!","tags":" David Zucker Leslie Nielsen, Priscilla Presley, George Kennedy, Ricardo Montalban, O.J. Simpson, Raye Birk, Susan Beaubian, Nancy Marchand Hapless cop Frank Drebin causes more problems than he solves while trying to stop a deadly plot involving Queen Elizabeth II. comedy,classiccomedy,classic"},{"title":"The Natural","tags":" Barry Levinson Robert Redford, Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, Kim Basinger, Wilford Brimley, Barbara Hershey, Robert Prosky, Richard Farnsworth, Joe Don Baker, John Finnegan A gifted baseball player whose life has taken some startling turns becomes a 35-year-old rookie who helps a cellar-dwelling team get back in the game. classic,drama,sportsclassic,drama,sports"},{"title":"The Negro Soldier","tags":" Stuart Heisler  This documentary urged African Americans to enlist and join in the effort to be part of America's continuing fight in World War II. classic,documentalclassic,documental"},{"title":"The Netflix Afterparty","tags":"  David Spade, London Hughes, Fortune Feimster Hosts David Spade, Fortune Feimster and London Hughes welcome guests from the newest and biggest Netflix titles for fun conversations, skits and more. comedy,comedycomedy,comedy"},{"title":"The New Romantic","tags":" Carly Stone Timm Sharp, Hayley Law, Camila Mendes, Brett Dier, Jessica Barden, Avan Jogia Fed up with dating and debt, a na\u00efve college senior documents her experience of being with a wealthy, older man for a gonzo journalism grant. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Nineties","tags":"   This U.S.-focused series dives into the cultural and political changes that swept the last decade of the 20th century. Executive produced by Tom Hanks. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The NSU-Complex","tags":" Stefan Aust, Dirk Laabs  For 13 years, the underground neo-Nazi organization NSU eluded German police while planting bombs, robbing banks and killing immigrants at random. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Nutcracker and the Four Realms","tags":" Lasse Hallstr\u00f6m, Joe Johnston Mackenzie Foy, Keira Knightley, Helen Mirren, Morgan Freeman, Matthew Macfadyen, Eugenio Derbez, Miranda Hart, Jack Whitehall, Ellie Bamber, Richard E. Grant, Omid Djalili, Tom Sweet, Misty Copeland, Sergei Polunin, Meera Syal When her late mother gifts her a key, Clara embarks on a dreamlike journey full of fantasy and conflict in this retelling of the holiday classic. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Office (U.S.)","tags":"  Steve Carell, John Krasinski, Jenna Fischer, Rainn Wilson, B.J. Novak, Ed Helms, Brian Baumgartner, David Denman, Creed Bratton, Kate Flannery, Mindy Kaling, Angela Kinsey, Paul Lieberstein, Oscar Nu\u00f1ez, Phyllis Smith This hit comedy chronicles the foibles of disgruntled office workers \u2013 led by deluded boss Michael Scott \u2013 at the Dunder Mifflin paper company. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The One I Love","tags":" Charlie McDowell Mark Duplass, Elisabeth Moss, Ted Danson Confronted with the potential end of their marriage, Ethan and Sophie take off for a weekend together, hoping to negotiate their future. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Only Mother To You All","tags":" Wenn V. Deramas Ai-Ai de las Alas, Shaina Magdayao, Carlo Aquino, Alwyn Uytingco, Eugene Domingo, Deejay Durano, Serena Dalrymple, Jiro Manio, Yuki Kadooka, Cherry Pie Picache, Gloria Diaz Raising her large family alone after her husband's death, Ina searches for work and finally lands the most unlikely job: president of the Philippines. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Other Guys","tags":" Adam McKay Will Ferrell, Mark Wahlberg, Eva Mendes, Michael Keaton, Steve Coogan, Ray Stevenson, Samuel L. Jackson, Dwayne Johnson, Lindsay Sloane, Natalie Zea New York cops Allen and Terry toil in obscurity as lowly desk jockeys until a big break finally gives them a chance to tackle real police work. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"The Parole Officer","tags":" John Duigan Steve Coogan, Emma Gilmour, Susan Jane Tanner, Iain Mitchell, James Smith, Om Puri, Steven Waddington, Ben Miller, Lena Headey, Jenny Agutter After witnessing a murder, Simon Garden is framed \u2013 and the only evidence that proves his innocence is a videotape locked inside a bank vault. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"The Pass","tags":" Ben A. Williams Russell Tovey, Arinz\u00e9 Kene, Lisa McGrillis, Nico Mirallegro, Rory J. Saper The lives and careers of two professional soccer players are profoundly impacted by a single moment of intimacy that took place between them. drama,foregin,lgbtdrama,foregin,lgbt"},{"title":"The Peacemaker","tags":" Mimi Leder George Clooney, Nicole Kidman, Marcel Iures, Aleksandr Baluev, Rene Medvesek, Gary Werntz, Randall Batinkoff, Jim Haynie, Alexander Strobele, Holt McCallany After terrorists trigger a nuclear blast in Russia, a U.S. Special Forces intelligence agent and a nuclear weapons expert come to the rescue. actionaction"},{"title":"The Pelican Brief","tags":" Alan J. Pakula Julia Roberts, Denzel Washington, Sam Shepard, John Heard, Tony Goldwyn, James Sikking, William Atherton, Robert Culp, Stanley Tucci, John Lithgow, Hume Cronyn When law student Darby Shaw theorizes about the assassinations of two Supreme Court justices, she is put in danger and turns to a reporter for help. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Perks of Being a Wallflower","tags":" Stephen Chbosky Logan Lerman, Emma Watson, Ezra Miller, Mae Whitman, Paul Rudd, Nina Dobrev, Johnny Simmons, Dylan McDermott, Kate Walsh, Joan Cusack, Melanie Lynskey A shy freshman struggling with depression deals with his best friend's suicide and his first love in this engaging coming-of-age tale. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"The Phantom of the Opera","tags":" Joel Schumacher Gerard Butler, Emmy Rossum, Patrick Wilson, Miranda Richardson, Minnie Driver, Ciar\u00e1n Hinds, Simon Callow, Victor McGuire, Jennifer Ellison In 1870, a disfigured recluse roams beneath a Parisian opera house and takes under his wing a young soprano, with whom a love triangle develops. drama,music,romancedrama,music,romance"},{"title":"The Physician","tags":" Philipp St\u00f6lzl Tom Payne, Ben Kingsley, Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd, Olivier Martinez, Emma Rigby, Elyas M'Barek, Fahri Yardim, Makram Khoury, Michael Marcus A medical apprentice in 11th-century Persia disguises himself as a Jew to study at a school that does not admit Christians. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Pink Panther","tags":" Shawn Levy Steve Martin, Kevin Kline, Beyonc\u00e9 Knowles-Carter, Jean Reno, Emily Mortimer, Henry Czerny, Kristin Chenoweth, Roger Rees, Philip Goodwin, Henri Garcin, William Abadie Bumbling Inspector Clouseau must solve the murder of a world-famous soccer coach and catch the thief who stole his priceless diamond ring. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Pirate Fairy","tags":" Peggy Holmes Mae Whitman, Christina Hendricks, Tom Hiddleston, Lucy Liu, Raven-Symon\u00e9, Megan Hilty, Pamela Adlon, Angela Bartys, Jim Cummings, Carlos Ponce, Mick Wingert, Kevin Michael Richardson, Jeff Bennett, Rob Paulsen, Grey DeLisle, Kari Wahlgren, Jane Horrocks, Jesse McCartney, Anjelica Huston In this spritely tale, Tinker Bell and her friends set out to find free-spirited fairy Zarina after she makes off with some precious Blue Pixie Dust. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Pirates of Somalia","tags":" Bryan Buckley Evan Peters, Barkhad Abdi, Melanie Griffith, Al Pacino, Philip Ettinger, Sabrina Hassan Abdulle, Kiana Madani, Abdi Sidow Farah, Mohamed Barre, Armaan Haggio An aspiring journalist travels to Somalia in hopes of making a name for himself by covering dangerous pirates and hijackers. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Pirates! Band of Misfits","tags":" Peter Lord, Jeff Newitt Hugh Grant, Martin Freeman, Imelda Staunton, David Tennant, Jeremy Piven, Salma Hayek, Lenny Henry, Brian Blessed, Russell Tovey, Anton Yelchin, Al Roker, David Schaal, Peter Lord, Ashley Jensen, Kayvan Novak, Mitchell Mullen, Brendan Gleeson, David Schneider An egotistical pirate captain strives to win the Pirate of the Year Award, but to snag the coveted prize, he'll have to outwit his dreaded rivals. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Place Beyond the Pines","tags":" Derek Cianfrance Ryan Gosling, Bradley Cooper, Eva Mendes, Ray Liotta, Ben Mendelsohn, Rose Byrne, Mahershala Ali, Bruce Greenwood, Harris Yulin, Olga Merediz A violent confrontation between a motorcycle-riding bank robber and a rookie cop spirals into a tense generational feud. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Plan","tags":" Keerthi Anant Nag, Koustubh Jayakumar, Hemanth, Shreeram, Jay, Sanath, Pramod Shetty, Harish Roy After being sent to a remote prison, three young men suffer under the watchful eye of their jailer and make a meticulous plan to escape. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Player","tags":" Ahmad El-Badri Ramez Galal, Emy Samir Ghanim, Edward Fouad, Hassan Hosny, Yousef Fawzy, Samar Gaber, Ragaa Al-Geddawy, Maha Abou Ouf, Mai El-Kady To save his father\u2019s company from bankruptcy, a rich, spoiled playboy is forced to wed a no-nonsense woman, who's just as unhappy to be marrying him. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Polar Express","tags":" Robert Zemeckis Tom Hanks, Leslie Zemeckis, Eddie Deezen, Nona Gaye, Peter Scolari, Brendan King, Andy Pellick, Michael Jeter, Chris Coppola, Julene Renee In this warm-hearted tale, a young boy's faith in the holiday spirit is revived after he makes his way by train to the North Pole on Christmas Eve. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Power of Grayskull: The Definitive History of He-Man and the Masters of the Universe","tags":" Randall Lobb, Robert McCallum  This colorful documentary explores the origins and impact of He-Man, a character whose power stretched well beyond a toy line and children's TV show. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The President's Barber","tags":" Chan-sang Lim Kang-ho Song, So-ri Moon, Jae-eung Lee, Yeong-jin Jo, Byung-ho Son, Yong-soo park, Seung-soo Ryu, Ju-sang Yun, Gyu-su Jeong, Dal-su Oh The personal barber to the president, as well as his wife and only son, get tangled in the political chaos that gripped South Korea in the late 1900s. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Prince","tags":" Brian A. Miller Jason Patric, Bruce Willis, John Cusack, Rain, Jessica Lowndes, Johnathon Schaech, Gia Mantegna, 50 Cent A former Mafia hit man living quietly as a mechanic veers back into his old world after his daughter is abducted and faces an old foe in New Orleans. actionaction"},{"title":"The Prince & Me","tags":" Martha Coolidge Julia Stiles, Luke Mably, Ben Miller, Miranda Richardson, James Fox, Alberta Watson, John Bourgeois, Zachary Knighton, Eliza Bennett A hardworking Wisconsin college student falls for her arrogant yet charming classmate, unaware that he's a Danish prince attending school incognito. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"The Princess and the Frog","tags":" Ron Clements, John Musker Anika Noni Rose, Bruno Campos, Keith David, Michael-Leon Wooley, Jennifer Cody, Jim Cummings, Peter Bartlett, Jenifer Lewis, Oprah Winfrey, Terrence Howard, John Goodman, Emeril Lagasse, June Christopher, Paul Briggs, Rob Edwards, John Kassir, Fred Tatasciore, Kimberly Russell, Rif Hutton, Randy Newman, Bridget Hoffman, Corey Burton, Joe Whyte, Michael Colyar, Bruce Smith, Terri Douglas, Claudette Wells, Roger Aaron Brown, Mona Marshall, Terence Blanchard, Kwesi Boakye, Mick Wingert, David Cowgill, Peter Renaday, John Musker, Ritchie Montgomery, Jerry Kernion, Philip Proctor, Eddie Frierson In New Orleans during the Jazz Age, a beautiful girl named Tiana has a fateful encounter with frog prince who desperately wants to be human again. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Prison","tags":" Na Hyeon Suk-kyu Han, Rae-won Kim, Kyeong-yeong Lee, Woong-in Jeong, Jae-yun Jo, Sung-rok Shin, Kim Sung-kyun, Kwak Min-ho A cop-turned-convict discovers a crime syndicate inside a prison lorded over by an inmate crime boss \u2013 and joins in on their nightly heists. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Pursuit","tags":" John Papola Arthur Brooks In a time of turbulence for the free market system, one economist explores how it has lifted billions out of poverty, and might just save us all. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Pursuit of Happyness","tags":" Gabriele Muccino Will Smith, Jaden Smith, Thandie Newton, Brian Howe, James Karen, Dan Castellaneta, Kurt Fuller, Takayo Fischer When Chris and his son are evicted, they face trying times as a desperate Chris accepts an unpaid internship at a stock brokerage firm. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Push","tags":" Grant Korgan, Brian Niles Grant Korgan After a snowmobile accident paralyzed him, Grant Korgan became the first athlete with a spinal cord injury to push himself to the South Pole. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"The Pyramid Code","tags":"  Sally Jennings How was the scientific understanding of the ancients so advanced? A team of experts answers this and other questions in this fascinating series. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"The Rainbow Troops","tags":" Riri Riza Cut Mini Theo, Ikranagara, Lukman Sardi, Ario Bayu, Tora Sudiro Two Indonesian teachers embrace an inspiring crop of gifted young students who've come to study at their crumbling Islamic primary school. family,drama,foreginfamily,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Rainmaker","tags":" Francis Ford Coppola Matt Damon, Danny DeVito, Claire Danes, Jon Voight, Mary Kay Place, Dean Stockwell, Teresa Wright, Virginia Madsen, Mickey Rourke, Andrew Shue A young attorney and a scrappy paralegal work to help the parents of a terminally ill boy in their suit against an insurance company. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Rap Game","tags":"  Jermaine Dupri Young lyricists between the ages of 12 and 16 compete for a chance to sign to Jermaine Dupri's label while being mentored by hip-hop and R&B's finest. showshow"},{"title":"The Rat Race","tags":" Miriam Chandy Menacherry  Examine the troublesome coexistence of humans and rodents in Mumbai, where the byproducts of a big economy have led to a thriving rat population. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Real Football Factories","tags":"  Danny Dyer Examine the troubling history of football hooliganism and hear from real hooligans about their bitter rivalries and rowdiest brawls. foregin,documental,foreginforegin,documental,foregin"},{"title":"The Real Miyagi","tags":" Kevin Derek Fumio Demura A look at the life of karate master Fumio Demura shows how he spread the discipline in the West, winning countless devotees and influencing Hollywood. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"The Rebound","tags":" Shaina Allen Orlando Carrillo, Mario Moran, Jeremie Phenom Thomas This documentary follows three players on the Miami Heat Wheels, who face long odds on the way to the national wheelchair basketball championship. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"The Redeemed and the Dominant: Fittest on Earth","tags":" Heber Cannon, Mariah Moore, Marston Sawyers  Questions about endurance, doping and overall toughness surround a group of elite athletes as they compete fiercely at the Reebok Crossfit Games. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"The Rehearsal","tags":" Alison MacLean James Rolleston, Kerry Fox, Ella Edwards, Alice Englert A drama student is torn between creative possibility and ethical boundaries when his girlfriend's family gets caught up in a sex scandal. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Returned","tags":"  Anne Cosigny, Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Pierrot, Clotilde Hesme, C\u00e9line Sallette, Samir Guesmi, Guillaume Gouix, Jean-Francois Sivadier, Alix Poisson, Jenna Thiam, Gr\u00e9gory Gadebois, Pierre Perrier, Yara Pilartz, Swann Nambotin, Ana Girardot, Brune Martin, Bertrand Constant, Matila Malliarakis, Constance Doll\u00e9, Laetitia de Fombelle, Simon Ehrlacher, Vincent Trouilleux, J\u00e9r\u00f4me Kircher, Guillaume Marquet, Alma Arnal, Julien Bourdel, Fran\u00e7ois Briault, Gilles Chabrier, Aksel Ustun, Alain Blazquez On returning home and finding they're believed to be dead, a collection of near-strangers from the same village try to find a reason for their plight. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"The Rezort","tags":" Steve Barker Dougray Scott, Jessica De Gouw, Martin McCann, Jassa Ahluwalia, Elen Rhys, Claire Goose After a global zombie war, the living dead are confined to a luxury island resort and hunted by tourists on safari \u2013 until the security system fails. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Rift: The Dark Side of the Moon","tags":" Dejan Ze\u010devi\u0107 Ken Foree, Katarina \u010cas, Dragan Mi\u0107anovi\u0107, Monte Markham, Denis Muri\u0107, Miroljub Le\u0161o, Sonja Vuki\u0107evi\u0107, Ratko Tur\u010dinovi\u0107, Mick Garris When a team of special agents is sent to recover the wreckage of a downed satellite in Serbia, their mission takes a horrifying turn. suspense,foregin,fantasysuspense,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"The Right One","tags":" Hadi El Bagoury Hani Salama, Basma Ahmad, Rania Yousef, Kinda Allouch, Yasmin Raeis, Amr Youssef, Zizi El-Badrawy Under pressure to marry, a rich playboy is conflicted between four women who each possess a different quality he desires in his ideal wife. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Ring","tags":" Gore Verbinski Naomi Watts, Martin Henderson, David Dorfman, Brian Cox, Jane Alexander, Lindsay Frost, Amber Tamblyn, Rachael Bella, Daveigh Chase, Shannon Cochran A reporter watches a video that supposedly sets in motion the viewer's death in seven days. Can she unravel the mystery before her own time is up? suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Riot Club","tags":" Lone Scherfig Sam Claflin, Max Irons, Douglas Booth, Jessica Brown Findlay, Holliday Grainger, Natalie Dormer, Olly Alexander, Matthew Beard, Gordon Brown, Jack Farthing, Freddie Fox After being drafted into an elite secret society, a pair of students at Oxford University see the group's extreme debauchery spiral out of control. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The River Thief","tags":" N.D. Wilson Joel Courtney, Tommy Cash, Paul Johansson, Bas Rutten, Raleigh Cain, David Shannon A heedless teen drifter who falls for a small-town waitress makes the mistake of robbing a drug lord, putting his life and newfound love in jeopardy. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The River Wild","tags":" Curtis Hanson Meryl Streep, Kevin Bacon, David Strathairn, Joseph Mazzello, John C. Reilly, Benjamin Bratt, Elizabeth Hoffman, William Lucking, Diane Delano A turbulent vacation turns deadly when a fugitive and his crew kidnap a river rafting guide and her family, forcing them down the dangerous river. actionaction"},{"title":"The Road to Calvary","tags":"  Anna Chipovskaya, Yulia Snigir, Leonid Bichevin, Pavel Trubiner Swept up in political unrest during World War I, two sisters in St. Petersburg cope with turbulent romances as Russian history is made around them. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"The Rolling Stones: Ol\u00e9 Ol\u00e9 Ol\u00e9! A Trip Across Latin America","tags":" Paul Dugdale Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Ronnie Wood, Charlie Watts Follow the Rolling Stones as the iconic group breaks new ground in Latin America, wrapping a 10-city tour as the first-ever rock band to play in Cuba. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Roommate","tags":" Christian E. Christiansen Leighton Meester, Minka Kelly, Cam Gigandet, Aly Michalka, Danneel Ackles, Frances Fisher, Tomas Arana, Billy Zane, Nina Dobrev, Matt Lanter, Kat Graham While acclimating to campus life, college freshman Sara begins to realize that her new roommate, Rebecca, is becoming obsessed with her. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Rover","tags":" David Mich\u00f4d Guy Pearce, Robert Pattinson, Scoot McNairy, David Field, Anthony Hayes, Gillian Jones, Susan Prior, Nash Edgerton Set in a chaotic future, this Outback saga follows loner Eric's brutal ordeal when a criminal gang takes his car and leaves him nowhere with nothing. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"THE RUM DIARY","tags":" Bruce Robinson Johnny Depp, Aaron Eckhart, Michael Rispoli, Amber Heard, Richard Jenkins, Giovanni Ribisi, Amaury Nolasco, Marshall Bell, Bill Smitrovich Johnny Depp stars in this adaptation of Hunter S. Thompson's novel about a boozy journalist who moves to Puerto Rico and falls for a taken woman. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"The Runner","tags":" Austin Stark Nicolas Cage, Sarah Paulson, Connie Nielsen, Wendell Pierce, Bryan Batt, Peter Fonda, Dana Gourrier A New Orleans politician finds his idealistic plans for rebuilding after a toxic oil spill unraveling thanks to a sex scandal. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Salvation","tags":" Kristian Levring Mads Mikkelsen, Eva Green, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Eric Cantona, Mikael Persbrandt, Douglas Henshall, Michael Raymond-James, Jonathan Pryce, Alexander Arnold, Nanna \u00d8land Fabricius In the Old West, a Danish homesteader avenges the murder of his wife and son, only to unleash a gang leader's brutal fury. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Sapphires","tags":" Wayne Blair Chris O'Dowd, Deborah Mailman, Jessica Mauboy, Shari Sebbens, Miranda Tapsell, Tory Kittles, Eka Darville, Tammy Anderson, Lynette Narkle, Kylie Belling Sisters Gail, Cynthia and Julie have talent, but their career takes off when promoter Dave convinces them to tour for U.S. troops in Vietnam. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Score","tags":" Frank Oz Robert De Niro, Edward Norton, Marlon Brando, Angela Bassett, Gary Farmer, Paul Soles, Jamie Harrold, Serge Houde Ready-to-retire safecracker Nick, flamboyant fence Max and talented but volatile thief Jackie team up to rob the Montreal Customs House. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Sea of Trees","tags":" Gus Van Sant Matthew McConaughey, Naomi Watts, Ken Watanabe, Katie Aselton, Jordan Gavaris A brooding American unable to cope with personal crisis travels to \"suicide forest\" near Mount Fuji, where he meets a fellow lost wanderer. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Search for Life in Space","tags":" Stephen Amezdroz  To determine whether we're alone in the universe, astrobiologists look to Jupiter, Mars and, closer to home, extreme environments on Earth. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Secret Life of Pets 2","tags":" Chris Renaud Patton Oswalt, Kevin Hart, Tiffany Haddish, Jenny Slate, Eric Stonestreet, Harrison Ford, Dana Carvey, Nick Kroll, Lake Bell, Ellie Kemper, Bobby Moynihan, Hannibal Buress On a farm outside New York, Max aims to boost his confidence while in the city, Snowball attempts to rescue a tiger cub and Gidget pretends to be a cat. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"The Seven Five","tags":" Tiller Russell  This riveting film examines the case of Mike Dowd, a corrupt Brooklyn cop who became dirtier than the drug dealers he was supposed to be policing. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Seventies","tags":"   This series examines 1970s America, focusing on the major political and historical landmarks of the decade and the cultural response to those events. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Shaukeens","tags":" Abhishek Sharma Akshay Kumar, Annu Kapoor, Piyush Mishra, Lisa Haydon, Anupam Kher Three sexually frustrated men in their 60s have the adventure of a lifetime after meeting an intriguing young woman during a holiday in Mauritius. comedy,foregin,musiccomedy,foregin,music"},{"title":"The Show","tags":" Giancarlo Esposito Josh Duhamel, Giancarlo Esposito, Famke Janssen, Sarah Wayne Callies, Caitlin Fitzgerald, Chris Ellis, Lucia Walters, James Franco A disillusioned reality TV host and an idealistic producer are lured by their network into producing a show in which participants kill themselves. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Sign of Venus","tags":" Dino Risi Sophia Loren, Franca Valeri, Vittorio De Sica, Raf Vallone, Virgilio Riento, Tina Pica, Lina Gennari, Eloisa Cianni, Leopoldo Trieste, Maurizio Arena, Franco Fantasia, Peppino De Filippo, Alberto Sordi While suitors swoon over her cousin, a single woman takes initiative in finding herself a partner after receiving a favorable romantic fortune. classic,comedy,foreginclassic,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Signal","tags":" William Eubank, Will Eubank Brenton Thwaites, Olivia Cooke, Laurence Fishburne, Beau Knapp, Lin Shaye, Robert Longstreet During their drive across the country, college pals Nick and Jonah \u2013 accompanied by Nick's girlfriend \u2013 run into major trouble in the Nevada desert. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"The Similars","tags":" Isaac Ezban Gustavo S\u00e1nchez Parra, Cassandra Ciangherotti, Fernando Becerril, Humberto Busto, Carmen Beato, Santiago Torres, Mar\u00eda Elena Olivares, Catalina Salas, Luis Alberti, Alberto Estrella, Pablo Guisa Koestinger Stranded in a transit station one stormy night in 1968, eight strangers begin to fall victim to seizures, only to wake up disturbingly altered. suspense,foregin,foreginsuspense,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Sinking Of Van Der Wijck","tags":" Sunil Soraya Herjunot Ali, Pevita Pearce, Reza Rahadian, Randy Nidji, Gesya Shandy, Kevin Andrean, Arzetti Bilbina When a young man leaves home to fulfill the wishes of his late father, he meets and falls in love with a woman from a very different background. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The Sniffer","tags":"  Kirill K\u00e4ro, Ivan Oganesyan, Mariya Anikanova, Nina Gogaeva, Nikolay Chindyaykin, Anastasiya Makeeva, Sergey Leskov, Stanislav Moskvin, Aleksey Zorin, Taras Gotovtsev An extraordinary sense of smell gives a crime investigator unique insight into solving mysteries, but his gift takes a toll on his personal life. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"The Social Network","tags":" David Fincher Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield, Justin Timberlake, Armie Hammer, Max Minghella, Josh Pence, Brenda Song, Rashida Jones, John Getz, David Selby Director David Fincher's biographical drama chronicles the meteoric rise of Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg from Harvard sophomore to Internet superstar. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Space Between Us","tags":" Peter Chelsom Gary Oldman, Asa Butterfield, Carla Gugino, Britt Robertson, BD Wong, Janet Montgomery, Trey Tucker After years of limited contact with Earth, an inquisitive teen who lives on Mars makes an interplanetary trek to discover his own origins. action,romance,fantasyaction,romance,fantasy"},{"title":"The Spectacular Now","tags":" James Ponsoldt Miles Teller, Shailene Woodley, Brie Larson, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Kyle Chandler, Dayo Okeniyi, Bob Odenkirk, Andre Royo, Masam Holden Classmates Aimee and Sutter form an unlikely friendship, and after helping Aimee raise her social confidence, Sutter begins falling for his creation. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The spiral","tags":" Krzysztof Zanussi Jan Nowicki, Maja Komorowska, Zofia Kuc\u00f3wna, Aleksander Bardini, Jan \u015awiderski, Seweryna Bronisz\u00f3wna, Piotr Garlicki, Marian Glinka When an unbearable stranger arrives at a winter mountain resort and vanishes overnight, his dark past comes to light. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"The Spy Next Door","tags":" Brian Levant Jackie Chan, Amber Valletta, George Lopez, Billy Ray Cyrus, Magn\u00fas Scheving, Madeline Carroll, Will Shadley, Alina Foley, Katherine Boecher, Mia Stallard, Lucas Till While babysitting, an undercover agent is thrust back into the world of top-secret adventure when one his young charges downloads a classified file. action,family,comedyaction,family,comedy"},{"title":"The Spy Who Fell to Earth","tags":" Thomas Meadmore  Based on Dr. Ahron Bregman's book, this documentary examines the life and mysterious death of Ashraf Marwan, an Egyptian billionaire and Israeli spy. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Stanford Prison Experiment","tags":" Kyle Patrick Alvarez Billy Crudup, Michael Angarano, Ezra Miller, Tye Sheridan, Keir Gilchrist, Olivia Thirlby, Nelsan Ellis, Thomas Mann, Moises Arias, Gaius Charles Conducting a study on the psychology of incarceration, a Stanford professor assigns guard and prisoner roles to 24 male test subjects in a mock jail. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"The Story of God with Morgan Freeman","tags":"  Morgan Freeman Host Morgan Freeman explores religion's role in human history, how our beliefs connect us and possible answers to life's million-dollar questions. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Story of Us with Morgan Freeman","tags":"  Morgan Freeman Explore the forces of love, belief, power, war, peace, rebellion and freedom in this series about the ties that bind \u2013 and destroy \u2013 humanity. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Student","tags":" Steven R. Monroe Alicia Leigh Willis, Blake Michael, Trevor St. John, Lindsay Hartley, Eric Nelsen, Wolfgang Bodison When a law professor fails an ambitious student for academic dishonesty, he goes to terrifying lengths to seek revenge for more than just his grade. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Sunshine Makers","tags":" Cosmo Feilding-Mellen  Take a trip and witness the rise and fall of Tim Scully and Nicholas Sand, improbable pioneers of the drug counterculture during the 1960s. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Super","tags":" Stephan Rick Patrick John Flueger, Val Kilmer, Louisa Krause, Mattea Conforti, Taylor Richardson, Paul Ben-Victor, Yul Vazquez, Andrea Lynn Green, Travaris Spears, Melissa Bolona When an ex-cop becomes a superintendent of an apartment building, he suspects the sinister janitor is behind the eerie disappearances of its tenants. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Super Mario Bros. Super Show!","tags":"  Captain Lou Albano, Danny Wells, Jeannie Elias, John Stocker, Harvey Atkin, Robert Bockstael, Cynthia Preston, Jonathan Potts, Colin Fox Mixing live action and animation, this classic series brought the beloved Super Mario Bros. video game characters to television screens everywhere. familyfamily"},{"title":"The Surrounding Game","tags":" Will Lockhart, Cole D. Pruitt  Teens in America dedicate themselves to the Asian game of Go, which originated in ancient China, drawing meaningful life lessons along the way. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Taking of Pelham 123","tags":" Tony Scott Denzel Washington, John Travolta, Luis Guzm\u00e1n, Victor Gojcaj, Robert Vataj, John Turturro, Michael Rispoli, Ramon Rodriguez, James Gandolfini, John Benjamin Hickey, Alex Kaluzhsky, Gbenga Akinnagbe When a group of hijackers takes passengers aboard a subway train hostage and demand a ransom, it's up to dispatcher Walter Garber to bring them down. actionaction"},{"title":"The Talented Mr. Ripley","tags":" Anthony Minghella Matt Damon, Gwyneth Paltrow, Jude Law, Cate Blanchett, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Jack Davenport, James Rebhorn, Sergio Rubini, Philip Baker Hall, Celia Weston A charming sociopath maneuvers into the lush life of a young heir. But as he embraces the posh lifestyle, he'll stop at nothing to hold onto it. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre","tags":" Tobe Hooper Gunnar Hansen, Jim Siedow, Marilyn Burns, Edwin Neal, Paul A. Partain, Teri McMinn, William Vail, John Dugan, John Henry Faulk, Allen Danziger When some friends visit a vandalized graveyard, they come upon a chainsaw-wielding maniac, and it's a fight to the bloody death between good and evil. classic,suspense,foreginclassic,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Thief and the Imbecile","tags":" Mohammed El-Tahawy, Mohamed Mostafa Khaled El Sawy, Khaled Saleh, Ruby A street beggar befriends a man who lost his eye in a brawl, unaware that his new acquaintance is plotting to make him his unwitting organ donor. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Tiger Hunter","tags":" Lena Khan Danny Pudi, Jon Heder, Rizwan Manji, Karen David, Iqbal Theba, Sam Page, Kevin Pollak, Parvesh Cheena, Michael McMillian It's 1979, and engineer Sami is excited to leave his Indian village for a job in Chicago. But he soon runs into problems achieving his American dream. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The Tigers of Scotland","tags":" Leanne Gater Iain Glen This documentary highlights the endangered existence of the Scottish wildcats, and the conservation efforts required to prevent their extinction. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Time Machine","tags":" Simon Wells Guy Pearce, Samantha Mumba, Jeremy Irons, Mark Addy, Sienna Guillory, Phyllida Law, Alan Young, Omero Mumba, Yancey Arias, Orlando Jones Based on the H.G. Wells classic, this adventure follows a scientist and inventor who's determined to prove to doubters that time travel is possible. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"The Time Traveler's Wife","tags":" Robert Schwentke Rachel McAdams, Eric Bana, Arliss Howard, Ron Livingston, Stephen Tobolowsky, Michelle Nolden, Jane McLean, Hailey McCann, Tatum McCann, Brooklynn Proulx, Alex Ferris Due to a genetic disorder, handsome librarian Henry involuntarily zips through time, appearing at various moments in the life of his true love. drama,romance,fantasydrama,romance,fantasy"},{"title":"The Traffickers","tags":"  Nelufar Hedayat In this hard-hitting series, journalist Nelufar Hedayat travels the globe to expose an array of black markets, from guns and gold to human body parts. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"The Tribes of Palos Verdes","tags":" Brendan Malloy, Emmett Malloy Jennifer Garner, Maika Monroe, Cody Fern, Justin Kirk, Noah Silver, Elisabeth R\u00f6hm, Goran Visnjic, Joely Fisher, Milo Gibson, Alex Neustaedter, Stevie Lynn Jones, Thomas Cocquerel, Alicia Silverstone When a move to an exclusive seaside community sends her mother and twin brother into a downward spiral, teenager Medina finds solace in surfing. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"The Trigger Effect","tags":" David Koepp Kyle MacLachlan, Elisabeth Shue, Dermot Mulroney, Richard T. Jones, Bill Smitrovich, Michael Rooker, Tori Kristiansen, Tyra Kristiansen When a power failure throws their suburban town into chaos, Matthew and his wife stoop to desperate measures to secure medication for their child. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Trip to Spain","tags":" Michael Winterbottom Steve Coogan, Rob Brydon, Marta Barrio, Claire Keelan, Margo Stilley Comedians Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon gorge on local delicacies and celebrity impressions as they reunite for a hilarious road trip through Spain. comedycomedy"},{"title":"The Trust","tags":" Ben Brewer, Alex Brewer Nicolas Cage, Elijah Wood, Sky Ferreira, Jerry Lewis, Eric Heister, Alexandria Lee, Ethan Suplee, Kenna James, Steven Williams, Carl Windom Carlito Discovering the location of a vault where a drug ring keeps its riches, two run-of-the-mill Las Vegas cops hatch a dicey plan to burgle it. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Truth About Alcohol","tags":" David Briggs Javid Abdelmoneim Emergency room doctor Javid Abdelmoneim endeavors to learn the truth about alcohol, both its benefits and risks, by exploring the science of drinking. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Tudors","tags":"  Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Henry Cavill, James Frain, Anthony Brophy, Guy Carleton, Sarah Bolger, Natalie Dormer, Max Brown, Nick Dunning, Rod Hallett, Maria Doyle Kennedy, Simon Ward All the splendor and scandal of England's 16th-century royal court comes to life in this series that follows notorious Tudor monarch Henry VIII. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Tuxedo","tags":" Kevin Donovan Jackie Chan, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Jason Isaacs, Debi Mazar, Ritchie Coster, Peter Stormare, Mia Cottet, Romany Malco, Daniel Kash After a government spy is hospitalized, New York City cab driver Jimmy unwillingly takes over the spy's role \u2013 with the aid of a computerized tuxedo. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"The Twilight Zone (Original Series)","tags":"  Rod Serling Hosted by creator Rod Serling, this groundbreaking anthology series presents tales of the supernatural that are often tinged with social commentary. classic,fantasyclassic,fantasy"},{"title":"The Ugly Truth","tags":" Robert Luketic Katherine Heigl, Gerard Butler, Eric Winter, John Michael Higgins, Bree Turner, Nick Searcy, Kevin Connolly, Cheryl Hines, Bonnie Somerville, Yvette Nicole Brown, Nate Corddry, Noah Matthews A chauvinistic morning-show commentator tries to prove the relationship theories he espouses on a segment called \"The Ugly Truth.\" comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"The Unborn Child","tags":" Poj Arnon Somchai Kemglad, Pitchanart Sakakorn, Chinaradi Anupongphichart, Arisara Thongborisut, Peerawit Boonark, Chudapha Chanthakhet, Ganthida Chaang A couple and their young daughter are haunted by a paranormal, malicious presence \u2013 which is soon linked to a temple and a series of abortions. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Universe","tags":"  Erik Thompson Discover the secrets of the universe in this series that pairs animation with insights on distant planets, black holes and other celestial marvels. documental,documentaldocumental,documental"},{"title":"The Unknown Girl","tags":" Jean-Pierre Dardenne, Luc Dardenne Ad\u00e8le Haenel, Olivier Bonnaud, J\u00e9r\u00e9mie Renier, Louka Minnella, Christelle Cornil, Olivier Gourmet, Fabrizio Rongione, Thomas Doret A guilt-ridden doctor in a Belgian town tries to uncover the identity of a woman who died after being turned away from her office. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Unknown Known","tags":" Errol Morris Donald Rumsfeld, Errol Morris Donald Rumsfeld reviews his long political career, from his time in Congress to serving as secretary of defense under Gerald Ford and George W. Bush. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Vatican Tapes","tags":" Mark Neveldine Olivia Taylor Dudley, Michael Pe\u00f1a, Dougray Scott, Djimon Hounsou, Peter Andersson, Kathleen Robertson, John Patrick Amedori, Michael Par\u00e9, Alex Sparrow, Cas Anvar A young woman hospitalized for an infected wound becomes possessed by a satanic force that will take a priest and two Vatican exorcists to defeat. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Vietnam War: A Film by Ken Burns and Lynn Novick","tags":" Ken Burns, Lynn Novick  Ken Burns presents an epic 10-part, 18-hour chronicle of the Vietnam War, featuring the soldiers, protesters, politicians and families that lived it. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Walls of the Moon","tags":" Ossama Abu El Atta, Tarek Al Eryan Mona Zaki, Asser Yassin, Amr Saad, Salwa Mohammed After losing her eyesight in an accident, a woman lands in a love triangle as she looks for meaning in her life. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"The War: A Film by Ken Burns and Lynn Novick","tags":"  Keith David A seven-part series brings World War II to life through the harrowing personal accounts of soldiers and others from \"typical\" American towns. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Water Diviner","tags":" Russell Crowe Russell Crowe, Olga Kurylenko, Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan, Cem Y\u0131lmaz, Jai Courtney, Ryan Corr, James Fraser, Ben O'Toole, Steve Bastoni, Salih Kalyon Years after the presumed death of his three sons in battle, a grieving farmer journeys to Turkey to find them and return them to their homeland. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The Water Horse: Legend of the Deep","tags":" Jay Russell Emily Watson, Alex Etel, Ben Chaplin, David Morrissey, Brian Cox, Priyanka Xi, Marshall Napier, Joel Tobeck, Erroll Shand, Craig Hall A boy watches an egg he found hatch into something incredible. But how long can he keep such a big secret from his mom \u2013 and the Scottish government? familyfamily"},{"title":"The Waterboy","tags":" Frank Coraci Adam Sandler, Kathy Bates, Henry Winkler, Fairuza Balk, Jerry Reed, Lawrence Gilliard Jr., Blake Clark, Peter Dante, Jonathan Loughran, Al Whiting A water boy for a college football team has a rage that makes him a tackling machine whose bone-crushing power might vault his team into the playoffs. comedy,sportscomedy,sports"},{"title":"The Wedding Curse","tags":" Chito S. Ro\u00f1o Kris Aquino, Claudine Barretto, Boots Anson-Roa, Glaiza De Castro, Jhong Hilario, Liza Lorena, Bernard Palanca, Wendell Ramos, Maja Salvador, Ronaldo Valdez Two weddings marred by tragedy lead the respective brides to believe that that they've been cursed by an old cultural superstition. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Wedding Party 2: Destination Dubai","tags":" Niyi Akinmolayan Enyinna Nwigwe, Daniella Down, Banky Wellington, Adesua Etomi, Somkele Iyamah, Iretiola Doyle, Sola Sobowale, Michael De Pinna, Lynita Crofford, Patience Ozokwor In this sequel to the 2016 hit \"The Wedding Party,\" a couple's date night ends in an accidental proposal, sparking a series of chaotic family events. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"The West Wing","tags":"  Martin Sheen, Rob Lowe, Allison Janney, John Spencer, Bradley Whitford, Janel Moloney, Richard Schiff, Dul\u00e9 Hill, NiCole Robinson, Melissa Fitzgerald, Joshua Malina, Stockard Channing, Kim Webster, Kris Murphy, Timothy Davis-Reed This powerful political epic chronicles the triumphs and travails of White House senior staff under the administration of President Josiah Bartlet. dramadrama"},{"title":"The Witch","tags":" Robert Eggers Anya Taylor-Joy, Ralph Ineson, Kate Dickie, Harvey Scrimshaw, Ellie Grainger, Lucas Dawson, Bathsheba Garnett, Sarah Stephens, Julian Richings, Wahab Chaudhry Believing that a witch has cursed their family, pilgrims homesteading on the edge of a primeval New England forest become increasingly paranoid. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"The Witch Files","tags":" Kyle Rankin Holly Taylor, Alice Ziolkoski, Britt Flatmo, Paget Brewster, Tara Robinson, Adrienne Rose White, Greg Finley, Valerie Mahaffey, Jared Boghosian, William Bornkessel A disparate group of teenage girls discovers how to obtain supernatural abilities, but abusing their newfound power has disturbing consequences. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"The Womanizer","tags":"  Lan Cheng-lung, Sonia Sui, James Wen, Bianca Bai, George Chang, Chung Hsin-ling, Tzu-chiang Chao, Xiao Xiao Bin Libertine He-jie finds himself torn between the lovely Amanda and fiery Xiao-qian. But now he faces a new problem: arrogant rival suitor Cheng-en. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"The Women Who Kill Lions","tags":" Neil Rawles  Experience an up-close look at the controversial passion and resulting infamy of big-game hunters Rebecca Francis and Jacine Jadresko. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"The Women's Balcony","tags":" Emil Ben-Shimon Evelin Hagoel, Igal Naor, Orna Banay, Einat Sarouf, Avraham Aviv Alush, Itzik Cohen, Yafit Asulin, Sharona Elimelech, Herzl Tobey, Haim Znati A conservative rabbi steps in to lead a congregation reeling from an accident, but his controversial plans incite a gender war among the congregation. comedy,drama,religioncomedy,drama,religion"},{"title":"The Workshop","tags":" Laurent Cantet Marina Fo\u00efs, Matthieu Lucci, Warda Rammach, Issam Talbi, Florian Beaujean, Mamadou Doumbia, Julien Souve, M\u00e9lissa Guilbert, Olivier Thouret, L\u00e9ny Sellam In an old shipyard town in France, sociopolitical tensions beset a writing workshop where the instructor notices a student with a dark side. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"The World Is Not Enough","tags":" Michael Apted Pierce Brosnan, Sophie Marceau, Robert Carlyle, Denise Richards, Robbie Coltrane, Judi Dench, Desmond Llewelyn, John Cleese, Maria Grazia Cucinotta Greed, revenge, world domination: It's all in a day's work for James Bond, who's on a mission to protect an oil heiress from a notorious terrorist. actionaction"},{"title":"The World's Most Wanted Animal","tags":" Victoria Bromley Maria Diekmann A conservationist shares her emotional journey in helping save rare, scaly mammals that have been illegally trafficked and now face extinction. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"The Wrong Babysitter","tags":" George Mendeluk Daphne Zuniga, Seann Gallagher, Lisa Marie Caruk, Matt Bellefleur, Ava Hughes, Britt Irvin, Lochlyn Munro A widow searches for her missing teenage daughter, not knowing that her seemingly helpful neighbor is hiding a terrible secret. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"The Year of Happiness and Love","tags":"  Amber Kuo, James Wen, Weber Yang, Sonia Sui, Nien-Jen Wu, Kay Huang, Tsai Chen-nan, Lin Mei-hsiu Jiang Chen-bo is a loser without prospects for success, until a surprise promotion becomes the catalyst for his entire family's upturn in fortune. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"The Young Offenders","tags":" Peter Foott Alex Murphy, Chris Walley, Hilary Rose, Dominic MacHale, P.J. Gallagher, Shane Casey, Pascal Scott, Michael Sands, Ciaran Bermingham Never ones to think things through, two Irish teens steal bicycles and set off to the coast to find a bale of cocaine from a smuggler\u2019s capsized ship. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"The Young Vagabond","tags":" Sze Yu Lau Chia-Hui Liu, Wong Yu, Jason Pai Piao, Lung Wei Wang, Hoi-Shan Kwan, Feng Ku, San Nam Hung, Kuo Hua Chang, Feng Kuan To avenge his master, a wine-loving young man steps up his fighting skills to defeat a powerful thief in a life-or-death match. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Theater of Life","tags":" Peter Svatek Massimo Bottura This documentary follows chef Massimo Bottura as he opens a soup kitchen to cook gourmet meals for the needy from food waste at the 2015 Milan Expo. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Theeram","tags":" Saheed Arafath Pranav Ratheesh, Maria Yohannan, Askar Ameer, Tini Tom, Anjali Nair, Krishna Prabha, Sudhi Koppa, Nandhan Unni An auto rickshaw driver harbors a deep affection for a young woman, but his troubled past threatens to stand between them. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Thelonious Monk: Straight, No Chaser","tags":" Charlotte Zwerin Thelonious Monk, Samuel E. Wright The spotlight shines on iconic jazz pianist and composer Thelonious Monk in this 1988 documentary featuring vintage performance clips and interviews. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Theo Who Lived","tags":" David Shisgall  American journalist Theo Padnos retraces the Middle Eastern journey that led to his 2012 kidnapping and brutal torture by an al-Qaida faction. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"ThirTEEN Terrors","tags":"  Thanapatpisal Sananthachat, Panisara Montharat, Sutatta Udomsilp, Teetatch Ratanasritai, Fame Chawin Likitjareonpong, Paladesh Kemisara, Thiti Mahayotaruk, Napat Chokejindachai, Um Apasiri Nitibhon, Skye Nateeton Wongrawee, Narikun Ketprapakorn, Sirinya Tantipongwatana, Chutavuth Pattarakampol, Thanyanan Pipatchaisiri, Sirachuch Chienthaworn, Jirayus Khawbaimai, Gunn Junhavat, Pavadee Komchokpaisan, Nichaphat Chatchaipholrat, Natthida Trichaiya, Kanyawee Songmuang, Claudine Craig, Sarit Trilertvichien, Teeradon Supapunpinyo, Narupornkamol Chaisang, Atthaphan Poonsawas, Oabnithi Wiwattanawarang A group of teens searches for the dark truth behind their school's mysterious and brutal history. foregin,suspense,suspenseforegin,suspense,suspense"},{"title":"This Is My Love","tags":"  Jin-mo Joo, Sa-rang Kim, Junior, Ja-in Lee, Sung-hyun Baek, So-hui Yoon A renowned actor who is still pining over the loss of his first real love writes an autobiography about his memories of her, hoping to reconnect. foregin,foregin,romanceforegin,foregin,romance"},{"title":"This Is Not What I Expected","tags":" Derek Hui Takeshi Kaneshiro, Zhou Dongyu, Sun Yizhou, Ming Xi, Tony Yang, Lin Chi-ling Romance and cuisine mix when a perpetually dissatisfied hotel executive finally encounters the perfect meal, and the sous chef that made it. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"This Was Tomorrow","tags":" Wim Bonte  The Tomorrowland music festival marks its 10th anniversary in Belgium, the U.S. and Brazil, with all the diverse excitement of the annual event. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Thithi","tags":" Raam Reddy Thammegowda S., Channegowda, Abhishek H.N., Pooja, Singri Gowda In a South Indian village, a centenarian's funeral brings together his free-spirited son, inheritance-hungry grandson and girl-crazy great-grandson. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Thong Dee Fun Khao","tags":" Bin Bunluerit Buakaw Banchamek, Sornsin Maneewan, Phutharit Prombandal, Nantawut Boonrubsub, Vannapoom Songsuparp, Chutirada Junthit, Jaran Ngamdee, Kochakorn Nimakorn, Rapeepat Ekpankul, Manop Aswathep After losing a boxing match, a talented Muay Thai fighter leaves home to train with the best. On his quest, he finds friends, foes and lots of action. action,foregin,sportsaction,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Thor: Ragnarok","tags":" Taika Waititi Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, Cate Blanchett, Idris Elba, Jeff Goldblum, Tessa Thompson, Karl Urban, Mark Ruffalo, Anthony Hopkins, Benedict Cumberbatch, Taika Waititi, Rachel House, Clancy Brown, Tadanobu Asano, Ray Stevenson, Zachary Levi, Luke Hemsworth, Sam Neill To save Asgard from a bloodthirsty goddess of death, the mighty Thor will have to battle his way to freedom and find a way back home. action,comedy,fantasyaction,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Thor: Tales of Asgard","tags":" Sam Liu Matthew Wolf, Rick Gomez, Tara Strong, Alistair Abell, Paul Dobson, Brent Chapman, Chris Britton, Ron Halder, Cathy Weseluck, Michael Dobson Thor, the Marvel comic book character, comes to life in this animated feature that explores his earliest adventures with his brother Loki. familyfamily"},{"title":"Thorne: Scaredy Cat","tags":" Benjamin Ross David Morrissey, Eddie Marsan, Aidan Gillen, O.T. Fagbenle, Lorraine Ashbourne, Sandra Oh, Tom Brooke, Joe Absolom Heading a new team whose aim is to crack the cases that leave others stumped, detective Tom Thorne finds himself on the hunt for two serial killers. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Thorne: Sleepyhead","tags":" Stephen Hopkins David Morrissey, Eddie Marsan, Aidan Gillen, O. T. Fagbenle, Lorraine Ashbourne, Natascha McElhone, Sara Lloyd-Gregory, Aisling Loftus, Sarah Niles, Joshua Close, Brian McCardie Investigating a series of attacks on young women, detective Tom Thorne is dragged back into the nightmares of his past as he races to find a killer. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Three","tags":" Johnnie To Louis Koo, Zhao Wei, Wallace Chung, Lam Suet, Lo Hoi-pang, Eddie Cheung, Timmy Hung, Michael Tse, Raymond Wong Ho-Yin A master criminal engineers his own shooting during a police raid, then refuses treatment while awaiting rescue in a tense standoff at a hospital. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Thumper","tags":" Jordan Ross Eliza Taylor, Pablo Schreiber, Daniel Webber, Lena Headey, Ben Feldman, Grant Harvey, Jazzy De Lisser, Brett Rice After moving to a hardscrabble suburban California town, a young woman becomes dangerously entangled with a local drug enterprise. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Thunderbolt","tags":" William Wyler, John Sturges James Stewart, Lloyd Bridges A P-47 Thunderbolt squadron is shown in preparation, at play and in bombing raids aiming to halt Nazi supply lines and aid Allied ground troops. classic,documentalclassic,documental"},{"title":"Tientsin Mystic","tags":"  Li Xian, Zhang Ming En, Wang Zixuan, Chen Yumi, Tang Yinuo, Wei Qing, Yang Shuming, Chen Jian, Kang Enhe, Dong Xiangrong In an otherworldly river town, a policeman follows the trail of a sinister force to save his community from deadly spells. action,foregin,dramaaction,foregin,drama"},{"title":"Tik Tok","tags":" Li Jun Wallace Chung, Jung-jae Lee, Lang Yueting, Chae-yeong Lee A police officer and a psychologist learn of a sinister threat at a highly anticipated soccer match and team up in hopes of preventing disaster. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Tikli and Laxmi Bomb","tags":" Aditya Kripalani Vibhawari Deshpande, Chitrangada Chakraborty, Suchitra Pillai, Upendra Limaye, Divya Unny, Kritika Pande, Mayur More, Kamil Shaikh Two frustrated sex workers cut out the middlemen from their business affairs and start a cooperative that's run entirely by women. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Time Please","tags":" Sameer Vidwans Priya Bapat, Siddarth Jadhav, Umesh Kamat, Sai Tamhankar, Vandana Gupte Personality differences, an old friend and a past flame poke holes in the way a husband and wife perceive their marriage. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast","tags":" Steve Loter Ginnifer Goodwin, Mae Whitman, Rosario Dawson, Lucy Liu, Pamela Adlon, Raven-Symon\u00e9, Megan Hilty, Kari Wahlgren, Anjelica Huston, Jeff Corwin, Olivia Holt, Thomas Lennon, Chloe Bennet, Danai Gurira, Grey DeLisle, Peter Michael When suspicious scout fairies scheme to capture the fearsome-looking NeverBeast, Tinker Bell and Fawn set out to save the wondrous creature. familyfamily"},{"title":"Tinker'","tags":" Sonny Marler Clayne Crawford, Christian Kane, Colt Crawford, Wilmer Calderon, Randy Smith, Wendy Baron, Lennie Crawford, Chalet Lizette Brannan While building a revolutionary machine outlined in his late father's journal, a recluse farmer becomes the guardian for his gifted six-year-old nephew. drama,foregin,fantasydrama,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Tip the Mouse","tags":"  Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld, Dave Wills, Serra Hirsch, Erica Schroeder, Jason Griffith In his tiny meadow village, curious little mouse Tip enjoys fun and adventure while learning about the world with his furry friends and family. familyfamily"},{"title":"To Be a Miss","tags":" Edward Ellis, Flor Salcedo, Aaron Woolf  Explore how the media and nationalism have fueled Venezuela's passion for physical appearance and the multibillion-dollar beauty pageant industry. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar","tags":" Beeban Kidron Patrick Swayze, Wesley Snipes, John Leguizamo, Stockard Channing, Blythe Danner, Arliss Howard, Jason London, Chris Penn, Melinda Dillon, Beth Grant, Alice Drummond, Marceline Hugot, Michael Vartan, RuPaul Charles, Julie Newmar Three New York drag queens on their way to Hollywood for a beauty pageant get stranded in a small Midwestern town when their car breaks down. comedy,classic,lgbtcomedy,classic,lgbt"},{"title":"Toast of London","tags":" Michael Cumming Matt Berry, Robert Bathurst, Doon Mackichan, Shazad Latif, Tim Downie, Harry Peacock, Tracy Ann Oberman After a divorce and fatal career move, a classically trained British stage actor navigates single life with his odd roommate and takes on horrid jobs. foregin,classic,comedyforegin,classic,comedy"},{"title":"Tobot","tags":"  Octavian Kaul, Valin Shinyei, Chelsea Miller, Sunni Westbrook, Sam Vincent, Rebecca Shoichet, Jeff Evans Todd, Paul Dobson, Rhona Rees They\u2019re robots that can transform into cars \u2013 and the Tobots are committed to fighting villains to protect the city and root out crime. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"Tokyo Idols","tags":" Kyoko Miyake  This documentary follows J-Pop idol Rio and her predominantly middle-aged fans, and their seemingly transactional interactions. documental,foregin,musicdocumental,foregin,music"},{"title":"Tomorrow Never Dies","tags":" Roger Spottiswoode Pierce Brosnan, Jonathan Pryce, Michelle Yeoh, Teri Hatcher, Joe Don Baker, Judi Dench, Ricky Jay, G\u00f6tz Otto, Desmond Llewelyn, Vincent Schiavelli Pierce Brosnan stars in this 007 installment, which teams the secret agent and a sexy Chinese superspy against a megalomaniacal media mogul. actionaction"},{"title":"Top 10 Secrets and Mysteries","tags":"   This series investigates mysteries that persistently elude scientific explanation, such as mythical creatures, UFOs, sacred sites and more. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Top Grier","tags":"   Social media star Hayes Grier returns to North Carolina for a reality series packed with action sports, pranks and romantic escapades. showshow"},{"title":"Tope: The Bait","tags":" Buddhadev Dasgupta Sudipto Chattopadhyay, Chandan Roy Sanyal, Kajal Kumari, Ananya Chatterjee, Paoli Dam, Malobika Banerjee, Pawan Kanodia The tales of an eccentric aristocrat, a tightrope walking nomad and a postman-turned-soothsayer unspool in this visual poem of rural life in India. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Tortilla Soup","tags":" Maria Ripoll Hector Elizondo, Jacqueline Obradors, Elizabeth Pe\u00f1a, Tamara Mello, Nikolai Kinski, Raquel Welch, Joel Joan, Paul Rodriguez, Constance Marie, Julio Oscar Mechoso Widower Martin is a restaurateur with a booming business and three headstrong daughters who leave the house to pursue their individual destinies. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Total Frat Movie","tags":" Warren P. Sonoda Justin Deeley, Alex House, Steven Yaffee, Rebecca Dalton, Ann Pirvu, Nick Bateman, Tom Green, Jamie Johnston A disbanded fraternity tries to get their act together by finding new members, but beer bongs, bad grades and a demented dean stand in their way. comedycomedy"},{"title":"Tracers","tags":" Daniel Benmayor Luciano Acuna Jr., Adam Rayner, Marie Avgeropoulos, Rafi Gavron, Taylor Lautner, Sam Medina, Amirah Vann, Johnny M. Wu, Josh Yadon, Christian Steel When a bike messenger falls into debt with organized criminals, a sexy woman draws him into her high-stakes world of parkour, teaching him new skills. actionaction"},{"title":"Traffic Signal","tags":" Madhur Bhandarkar Kunal Khemu, Neetu Chandra, Konkona Sen Sharma, Upendra Limaye, Ranvir Shorey, Sudhir Mishra, Nassar Abdulla, Manoj Joshi Four characters coexist at an urban traffic signal, where all manage to make a meager living until events threaten the source of their livelihood. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Train of the Dead","tags":" Sukum Maetawanitch Kett Thantup, Savika Chaiyadej, Sura Theerakon, Chaleumpol Tikumpornteerawong, Yarichada Wattanawongsri, Phoomjai Tangsanga, Warot Pitakanonda, Saowaluck Siriaran Five teenagers on the lam hide out in an empty train. Little do they realize that the train is inhabited by ghosts on their way to final judgment. suspense,foreginsuspense,foregin"},{"title":"Train to Busan","tags":" Sang-ho Yeon Gong Yoo, Yu-mi Jung, Dong-seok Ma, Soo-an Kim, Woo Shik Choi, Sohee, Eui-sung Kim As a zombie outbreak sweeps the country, a dad and his daughter take a harrowing train journey in an attempt to reach the only city that's still safe. action,suspense,foreginaction,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Trainspotting","tags":" Danny Boyle Ewan McGregor, Ewen Bremner, Jonny Lee Miller, Kevin McKidd, Robert Carlyle, Kelly Macdonald, Peter Mullan, James Cosmo, Eileen Nicholas, Susan Vidler, Pauline Lynch, Shirley Henderson Renton and his mates cope with the gritty realities of heroin addiction. But when Renton gets clean, he can't get away from his friends' nasty habits. comedy,classic,dramacomedy,classic,drama"},{"title":"Traitor","tags":" Jeffrey Nachmanoff Don Cheadle, Guy Pearce, Sa\u00efd Taghmaoui, Neal McDonough, Alyy Khan, Archie Panjabi, Raad Rawi, Jeff Daniels, Lorena Gale, Simon Reynolds, Jonathan Walker, Mozhan Marn\u00f2, Tom Barnett, Scali Delpeyrat An FBI agent assigned to pursue an ex-Special Ops soldier who joined a terrorist organization begins to question his target's true intentions. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Transcendence","tags":" Wally Pfister Johnny Depp, Rebecca Hall, Morgan Freeman, Paul Bettany, Cillian Murphy, Kate Mara, Cole Hauser, Clifton Collins Jr. Two computer scientists work to achieve technological singularity to create a world where computers can transcend the abilities of the human brain. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"Trash","tags":" Stephen Daldry Wagner Moura, Martin Sheen, Rooney Mara, Selton Mello, Jos\u00e9 Dumont, Nelson Xavier, Eduardo Luis, Gabriel Weinstein, Rickson Tevez Three poor Brazilian teens find something suspicious in a garbage heap, then end up on the run from the law as they try to set things right. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Trash Fire","tags":" Richard Bates Jr. Adrian Grenier, Angela Trimbur, AnnaLynne McCord, Fionnula Flanagan, Matthew Gray Gubler, Ray Santiago, Sally Kirkland, Ezra Buzzington Surprise news that his girlfriend is pregnant sends loutish Owen on an ill-advised trip to reconnect with his twisted sister and sadistic grandmother. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Treasures from the Wreck of the Unbelievable","tags":" Sam Hobkinson  This cinematic journey into the waters off East Africa chronicles the story behind artist Damien Hirst's massive exhibition of oceanic treasures. documental,drama,foregindocumental,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Tree Man","tags":" Jon Reiner, Brad Rothschild  Entrepreneurs from Vermont and Quebec sell Christmas trees on the streets of New York, becoming a cherished part of neighborhood holiday traditions. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Tremors","tags":" Ron Underwood Kevin Bacon, Fred Ward, Finn Carter, Michael Gross, Reba McEntire, Robert Jayne, Charlotte Stewart, Tony Genaro, Ariana Richards, Richard Marcus, Victor Wong, Bibi Besch After a seismologist gets unusual readings on her equipment, handymen discover 30-foot-long carnivorous worms that suck their prey underground. comedy,classic,suspensecomedy,classic,suspense"},{"title":"Tremors 3: Back to Perfection","tags":" Brent Maddock Michael Gross, Shawn Christian, Susan Chuang, Charlotte Stewart, Ariana Richards, Tony Genaro, Barry Livingston, John Pappas, Jason Hopkins When a theme park's simulated giant worm attacks turn real, Burt Gummer and two young entrepreneurs team up to battle the flesh-eating graboids. comedy,suspense,fantasycomedy,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Tremors 4: The Legend Begins","tags":" S.S. Wilson Michael Gross, Sara Botsford, Billy Drago, Brent Roam, August Schellenberg, J.E. Freeman, Ming Lo, Lydia Look, Sam Ly, Neil Kopit Residents of a abandoned mining town attempt to get to the bottom of a series of recent, mysterious deaths before their own fates are sealed. comedy,suspense,fantasycomedy,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Tremors 5:  Bloodline","tags":" Don Michael Paul Michael Gross, Jamie Kennedy, Ernest Ndhlovu, Lawrence Joffe, Zak Hendrikz, Natalie Becker, Emmanuel Castis, Brandon Auret, Daniel Janks When he is hired to capture a deadly creature terrorizing South Africa, survivalist Burt Gummer brings along a new tech-savvy partner. comedy,suspense,fantasycomedy,suspense,fantasy"},{"title":"Tremors 6: A Cold Day in Hell","tags":" Don Michael Paul Michael Gross, Jamie Kennedy, Tanya van Graan, Jamie-Lee Money, Stephanie Schildknecht, Greg Kriek, Jenna Upton, Jay Anstey, Christie Peruso The subterranean, worm-like creatures are back, and Graboid-hunter Burt Gummer suspects they've been weaponized. action,comedy,suspenseaction,comedy,suspense"},{"title":"Trespass Against Us","tags":" Adam Smith Michael Fassbender, Brendan Gleeson, Lyndsey Marshal, Georgie Smith, Rory Kinnear, Killian Scott, Sean Harris, Kingsley Ben-Adir, Kacie Anderson, Gerard Kearns A man from a criminal family yearns to break away and find a better life, but his father's staunch opposition puts his dreams of freedom in jeopardy. dramadrama"},{"title":"Trikal (Past, Present, Future)","tags":" Shyam Benegal Leela Naidu, Neena Gupta, Anita Kanwar, Soni Razdan, Dalip Tahil, K.K. Raina, Kunal Kapoor, Keith Stevenson, Naseeruddin Shah, Kulbhushan Kharbanda A Goan native returns to his now-derelict, palatial childhood home, recalling his family\u2019s interpersonal drama during the end of Portuguese rule. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Trimurti","tags":" Mukul Anand Anil Kapoor, Shah Rukh Khan, Jackie Shroff, Satyendra Kapoor, Gautami, Tinnu Anand, Saeed Jaffrey, Anirudh Agarwal, Mohan Agashe, Himani Shivpuri, Priya Tendulkar, Anjali Jathar, Anang Desai, Pramod Moutho, Subhash Ghai After being framed, a policewoman languishing in prison hopes that her three sons will deliver justice and restore her honor. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Trip to Bhangarh: Asia's Most Haunted Place","tags":" Jitender Pawar Manish Chaudhary, Suzanna Mukherjee, Piyush Raina, Rachit Behl, Rohit Chaudhury, Vikram Kochhar, Poonam Pandey To amuse themselves, six college friends decide to pay a visit to a fortress believed by some to be the most haunted place in Asia. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Trixie Mattel: Moving Parts","tags":" Nicholas Zeig-Owens Brian Firkus Drag queen Trixie Mattel deals with the bittersweet reality of success in this documentary that explores her rise to fame and subsequent music career. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"Trophy","tags":" Shaul Schwarz, Christina Clusiau  This documentary explores the tensions between the lucrative big-game hunting business and wildlife conservation from a variety of perspectives. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Trotsky","tags":"  Konstantin Khabenskiy, Olga Sutulova, Max Matveev, Evgeniy Stychkin, Orkhan Abulov The complex historical figure of Leon Trotsky comes to life in this epic biography that depicts the tumultuous life of the Russian revolutionary. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Troy: The Odyssey","tags":" Tekin Girgin Dylan Vox, Lara Heller, Hachem Hicham, David Gray, Kelly B. Jones, Daniel Whyte, Eoin O'Brien, Ego Mikitas Starting with the Trojan Horse attack, this modest re-telling of Homer's epic covers well-known highlights of Odysseus's long journey home. actionaction"},{"title":"True Grit","tags":" Henry Hathaway John Wayne, Glen Campbell, Kim Darby, Jeremy Slate, Robert Duvall, Dennis Hopper, Alfred Ryder, Strother Martin, Jeff Corey Teenage tomboy Mattie Ross enlists the help of crusty lawman Rooster Cogburn to track down the hired hand who murdered her father. classic,dramaclassic,drama"},{"title":"True to the Game","tags":" Preston A. Whitmore II Columbus Short, Erica Peeples, Vivica A. Fox, Andra Fuller, Jamaar Simon, Starletta DuPois, Nelsan Ellis, Draya Michele, Nafessa Williams, Jennifer Freeman, Lisa Renee Pitts When a drug kingpin looking to go legit falls for a Philadelphia college student, it doesn't take long for his dangerous world to bleed into her life. dramadrama"},{"title":"Trumbo","tags":" Jay Roach Bryan Cranston, Diane Lane, Elle Fanning, John Goodman, Helen Mirren, Louis C.K., Alan Tudyk, Michael Stuhlbarg, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Dean O'Gorman When he is blacklisted by Hollywood for his leftist political views, screenwriter Dalton Trumbo struggles to find work in secret as a ghost writer. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Tucker and Dale vs. Evil","tags":" Eli Craig Tyler Labine, Alan Tudyk, Katrina Bowden, Jesse Moss, Philip Granger, Brandon Jay McLaren, Christie Laing, Chelan Simmons, Travis Nelson, Alex Arsenault Expecting to relax at their \"vacation\" cabin, two backwoods boys see their trip turn into a nightmare when they're accused of being psychotic killers. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Tukaram","tags":" Chandrakant Kulkarni Jitendra Joshi, Prateeksha Lonkar, Sharad Ponkshe, Radhika Apte, Veena Jamkar, Yatin Karyekar, Smita Tambe, Vrishasen Dabholkar A child whose innocence and devotion set him apart from the other children of his village grows up to be one of the foremost saints of India. drama,religion,foregindrama,religion,foregin"},{"title":"Tunisian Victory","tags":" Frank Capra, John Huston, Hugh Stewart, Roy Boulting, Anthony Veiller Burgess Meredith British and American troops join forces to liberate a Nazi stranglehold in North Africa, sharing battles, hard work and a peaceful Christmas dinner. classic,documentalclassic,documental"},{"title":"Turbo","tags":" David Soren Ben Schwartz, Bill Hader, Luis Guzm\u00e1n, Snoop Dogg, Paul Giamatti, Ryan Reynolds, Maya Rudolph, Ken Jeong, Samuel L. Jackson, Michael Pe\u00f1a, Michelle Rodriguez, Richard Jenkins, Kurtwood Smith, Luis Guzman A speed-obsessed snail who dreams of being the world's greatest race car driver gets his chance when an accident imbues him with high-octane speed. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Tusk","tags":" Kevin Smith Michael Parks, Justin Long, Haley Joel Osment, Genesis Rodriguez, Johnny Depp, Harley Morenstein, Ralph Garman, Jennifer Schwalbach When a wise-guy podcaster interviews a disabled seafarer, he decides to embark on a transformational quest to track down a dangerous walrus-monster. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Twice","tags":" Hidetaka Inazuka Stuart Varnam-Atkin This documentary reenacts the experiences of late activist Tsutomu Yamaguchi, a survivor of both atomic bombings on Japan in 1945. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Twin Peaks","tags":"  Kyle MacLachlan, Michael Ontkean, M\u00e4dchen Amick, Dana Ashbrook, Richard Beymer, Lara Flynn Boyle, Sherilyn Fenn, Warren Frost, Peggy Lipton, James Marshall, Everett McGill, Jack Nance, Joan Chen, Kimmy Robertson, Michael Horse, Piper Laurie, Harry Goaz, Eric DaRe, Wendy Robie, Ray Wise, Sheryl Lee, Russ Tamblyn, Don S. Davis, Chris Mulkey, Gary Hershberger, Grace Zabriskie \"Who killed Laura Palmer?\" is the question on everyone's lips in a secretive small town, but as an eccentric FBI agent learns, the answer isn't easy. classic,action,dramaclassic,action,drama"},{"title":"Twinsanity","tags":" Buz Wallick Karissa Strain, Katie Strain, Yves Bright, Angie Everhart, Thaddeus Shafer, Mary O'Neil When a yoga enthusiast begins to pull away from her identical twin sister and business partner, their lifelong bond turns deadly. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Twirlywoos","tags":"  Linda Bassett The colorful and curious family of Twirlywoos bounces around their boat and visits new places, turning learning into adventures wherever they land. foregin,familyforegin,family"},{"title":"Twisted Trunk, Big Fat Body","tags":"  Vijay Maurya, Naman Jain, Usha Nadkarni, Mukesh Chhabra, Prarthana Behere, Jayant Gadekar, Aditi Keskar, Murari Kumar After terrorists place a bomb inside a toy Lord Ganesha, a child takes off with the dangerous doll, setting it on a course throughout all of Mumbai. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Two Graves","tags":" Gary Young Cathy Tyson, Katie Jarvis, David Hayman, Josh Herdman, Dave Johns, Danielle Harold, Kedar Williams-Stirling, Neal Ward A doctor and a drug addict kidnap the son of a local gangster, seeking revenge for the death of a loved one. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"Two Lovers and a Bear","tags":" Kim Nguyen Dane DeHaan, Tatiana Maslany, Gordon Pinsent, John Ralston A troubled couple living near the North Pole begins a perilous journey south in an attempt to find peace and vanquish ghosts from the past. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Tyke Elephant Outlaw","tags":" Susan Lambert, Stefan Moore  This documentary recounts a 1994 incident in Honolulu in which a circus elephant attacked and killed its trainer, then ran loose on the city streets. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Tyson","tags":" James Toback Mike Tyson, Trevor Berbick In this surprisingly emotional documentary, heavyweight champ Mike Tyson analyzes the controversies surrounding his career and turbulent private life. documental,sportsdocumental,sports"},{"title":"Ugly","tags":" Anurag Kashyap Rahul Bhat, Ronit Roy, Tejaswini Kolhapure, Vineet Kumar Singh, Surveen Chawla, Siddhant Kapoor, Girish Kulkarni, Abir Goswami, Madhavi Singh, Anshikaa Shrivastava, Murari Kumar, Sandesh Jadhav When a 10-year-old goes missing while her father, an actor, is out on an audition, the girl's stepfather \u2013 Mumbai's police chief \u2013 leads the search. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Ugly Duckling","tags":"  Mook Worranit Thawornwong, Puttichai Kasetsin, Natcha Juntapan, Neen Suwanamas, Esther Supreeleela, Shaun Jindachote, Lapassalal Jiravechsoontornkul, Chatchawit Techarukpong Young women face up to their insecurities and circumstances, finding love and laughs along the way. Featuring a different storyline every season. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Una","tags":" Benedict Andrews Rooney Mara, Ben Mendelsohn, Riz Ahmed, Ruby Stokes, Natasha Little, Tara Fitzgerald, Tobias Menzies A young woman tracks down the older man who preyed on her as a child, forcing them both to confront the damage done by what happened 15 years earlier. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Unaccompanied Minors","tags":" Paul Feig Lewis Black, Wilmer Valderrama, Tyler James Williams, Gia Mantegna, Dyllan Christopher, Brett Kelly, Quinn Shephard, Paget Brewster, Rob Corddry, Dominique Salda\u00f1a Five disparate kids, snowed in at the airport on Christmas Eve, try to get back to their families and outsmart a disgruntled airport official. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Unacknowledged","tags":" Michael Mazzola  Noted UFO expert Dr. Steven Greer interviews witnesses and presents classified documents concerning the existence of extraterrestrials. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Under an Arctic Sky","tags":" Chris Burkard Chris Burkard, Sam Hammer, Heidar Logi, Elli Thor Magnusson, Ingo Olsen, Timmy Reyes, Justin Quintal, Steve Hawk, Sigurdur Jonsson, Mark Renneker Six fearless surfers travel to the north coast of Iceland to ride waves unlike anything they've ever experienced, captured with high-tech cameras. action,documental,sportsaction,documental,sports"},{"title":"Under The Skin","tags":" Jonathan Glazer Scarlett Johansson, Krystof H\u00e1dek, Jeremy McWilliams, Joe Szula, Lynsey Taylor Mackay, Dougie McConnell, Kevin McAlinden, Andrew Gorman, Roy Armstrong, Alison Chand, Paul Brannigan A seductive alien prowls the streets in search of prey: unsuspecting men who fall under her spell, only to be consumed by a strange liquid pool. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Undercover Grandpa","tags":" Erik Canuel James Caan, Jessica Walter, Louis Gossett Jr., Dylan Everett, Paul Sorvino, Kenneth Welsh, Lawrence Dane, Paul Braunstein, Greta Onieogou Jake's date with his dream girl takes a turn when she disappears, and Jake's grandpa \u2013 a former intelligence officer \u2013 sets out to find her. action,family,comedyaction,family,comedy"},{"title":"Undercover: How to Operate Behind Enemy Lines","tags":" John Ford  This World War II-era training film dramatizes how secret agents should act while undercover and how to avoid capture by enemies. classic,documentalclassic,documental"},{"title":"Unfinished Song","tags":" Paul Andrew Williams Terence Stamp, Gemma Arterton, Christopher Eccleston, Vanessa Redgrave, Anne Reid, Elizabeth Counsell, Ram John Holder, Bill Thomas, Orla Hill With his wife terminally ill, Arthur's future seems grim. But he learns to find joy in life again when he joins an unconventional church choir. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Union Leader","tags":" Sanjay Patel Rahul Bhat, Tillotama Shome, Haresh Dagiya, Jayesh More, Tirth Sharma, Vivek Ghamande, Jay Vithlani, Mehul Buch Toxic conditions and a corrupt union leader prompt a chemical plant worker and earnest family man to fight for justice for his fellow laborers. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Unruly Friends","tags":" Sherif Mandour Kinda Allouch, Ahmed Salah Al-Saadany, Dina Fouad, Amr Youssef, Ahmed Safwat, Madlyn Tabar, Yasser Ali Maher, Nadia Fahmi, Menha Zaytoon, Tamim Abdou, Mostafa Abd Elsalam A young woman discovers that familial and psychological traumas can be difficult to leave behind. foregin,suspenseforegin,suspense"},{"title":"Up in the Air","tags":" Jason Reitman George Clooney, Vera Farmiga, Anna Kendrick, Jason Bateman, Amy Morton, Melanie Lynskey, J.K. Simmons, Sam Elliott, Danny McBride, Zach Galifianakis, Chris Lowell Ryan Bingham flies around the country firing employees on behalf of companies, but he faces losing the job he savors to recent college grad Natalie. comedy,drama,romancecomedy,drama,romance"},{"title":"Urvi","tags":" Pradeep Verma Sruthi Hariharan, Shraddha Srinath, Shweta Pandit, Achyuth Kumar, Madhukar Niyogi, Prabhu Mundkur, Bhavani Prakash, Ananya Bhat After getting tricked into working at a brothel, a medical student joins forces with two of her co-workers to fight their unscrupulous exploiters. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Used Goods","tags":" Mohamed Hamdy Mohamed Ragab, Ayten Amer, Hassan Abdulfattah To evade greedy pharmaceutical crooks, a medical scientist disguises himself as a struggling salesman to protect his groundbreaking cancer research. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"USS Indianapolis: Men of Courage","tags":" Mario Van Peebles Nicolas Cage, Tom Sizemore, Thomas Jane, Matt Lanter, James Remar, Brian Presley, Johnny Wactor, Adam Scott Miller, Cody Walker, Callard Harris After becoming stranded in the Philippine Sea during World War II, a tenacious Navy crew faces a dire lack of supplies and a string of shark attacks. actionaction"},{"title":"V for Vendetta","tags":" James McTeigue Natalie Portman, Hugo Weaving, Stephen Rea, Stephen Fry, John Hurt, Tim Pigott-Smith, Rupert Graves, Roger Allam, Ben Miles, Sin\u00e9ad Cusack, Natasha Wightman A masked freedom fighter known as \"V\" takes up arms against a totalitarian government and finds an unlikely ally in a young woman. action,drama,fantasyaction,drama,fantasy"},{"title":"V.R. Troopers","tags":"  Michael Sorich, Gardner Baldwin, Mike Reynolds, Richard Rabago, Brad Hawkins, Michael Bacon, Kerrigan Mahan, Sarah Brown, Julian Combs, David Carr, Farrand Thompson, Zeb, Aaron Pruner Three friends who study martial arts find themselves defending humanity from a criminal mastermind and his invading army from another dimension. familyfamily"},{"title":"Vantage Point","tags":" Pete Travis Dennis Quaid, Matthew Fox, Forest Whitaker, Bruce McGill, Edgar Ram\u00edrez, Sa\u00efd Taghmaoui, Ayelet Zurer, Zoe Saldana, Sigourney Weaver, William Hurt Moments after he arrives in Spain for an antiterrorism summit, U.S. President Ashton is shot. actionaction"},{"title":"Veerappan","tags":" Ram Gopal Varma Sandeep Bharadwaj, Sachiin Joshi, Lisa Ray, Usha Jadhav, Nissar Khan, Krishna Shrikanth Iyengar A police official assembles an elaborate network of spies and undercover operatives to bring down a ruthless bandit with a private army. action,drama,foreginaction,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Veerey Ki Wedding","tags":" Ashu Trikha Pulkit Samrat, Yuvika Chaudhry, Jimmy Shergill, Supriya Karnik, Kriti Kharbanda, Satish Kaushik Quick to throw punches in the name of justice, a young man must find a calmer way to win over the pacifist father of the girl he wishes to marry. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Vegas Baby","tags":" Amanda Micheli  A Las Vegas doctor's controversial online contest sees anxious entrants vie for free in vitro fertilization, a procedure rarely covered by insurance. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Viceroy's House","tags":" Gurinder Chadha Hugh Bonneville, Gillian Anderson, Manish Dayal, Huma Qureshi, Michael Gambon, David Hayman, Simon Callow, Denzil Smith, Neeraj Kabi, Tanveer Ghani, Om Puri, Lily Travers As viceroy Lord Mountbatten arrives in Delhi to oversee a transfer of power from Britain to India in 1947, war looms between religious factions. dramadrama"},{"title":"Victor","tags":" Brandon Dickerson Patrick Davis, Lisa Vidal, Josh Pence, Jos\u00e9 Z\u00fa\u00f1iga, Haley Ramm, Matt Angel, J. Michael Trautmann, Lobo Sebastian In 1962 Brooklyn, a Puerto Rican teen who joins a gang is seduced by violence and heroin. But can his mother's love and faith in God save him? dramadrama"},{"title":"Viking Destiny","tags":" David L.G. Hughes Anna Demetriou, Timo Nieminen, Will Mellor, Andrew Whipp, Paul Freeman, Terence Stamp, Ian Beattie, Victoria Broom, Taylor Frost, Martyn Ford Framed for her father\u2019s murder, an exiled Viking princess is guided by the god Odin as she prepares to return to her kingdom and reclaim the throne. action,fantasyaction,fantasy"},{"title":"Vikings Unearthed","tags":" Harvey Lilley Eric Meyers Archaeologist Sarah Parcak follows clues to early Viking explorations and discusses just what these notoriously fierce warriors were really like. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Vincent N Roxxy","tags":" Gary Michael Schultz Emile Hirsch, Zo\u00eb Kravitz, Emory Cohen, Zoey Deutch, Beau Knapp, Jason Mitchell, Scott Mescudi, Jeff Gum, Joey Bicicchi In rural Louisiana, a terse loner forges a redemptive bond with a woman he saved from a killer, but a violent past soon catches up with both of them. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"Viswasapoorvam Mansoor","tags":" P.T. Kunju Muhammad Roshan Mathew, Asha Sarath, Prayaga Martin, Zarina Wahab, Renji Panicker, Leona Lishoy, Santhosh Keezhattoor, Sunil Sukhada When a mother and her daughter arrive to stay in his home in Kerala, a young Muslim man becomes torn between love, faith and clashing political views. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Vitti Dandu","tags":" Ganesh Kadam Dilip Prabhavalkar, Ashok Samarth, Yatin Karyekar, Nishant Bhavsar, Mrunal Thakur, Vikas Kadam, Utpal Sawant, Ravindra Mankani, Shubhankar Atre, Charudatta Bhagwat In a remote village in colonial India, an old man and his grandson display strong differences in their attitudes toward the country's British rulers. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Vizontele Tuuba","tags":" Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan, Tar\u0131k Akan, Altan Erkekli, Cezmi Bask\u0131n, \u0130clal Ayd\u0131n, Demet Akba\u011f, Tuba \u00dcnsal, Tolga \u00c7evik With civil war looming, a TV-obsessed Turkish town is bemused when a bureaucrat and his daughter arrive to modernize their library. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Vodka Diaries","tags":" Kushal Srivastava Kay Kay Menon, Raima Sen, Mandira Bedi, Sharib Hashmi, Rishi Bhutani, Herry Tangri, Vaishnavi Dhanraj, Swati Rajput While investigating a series of murders and the nightclub that links them, a detective\u2019s case takes an alarming turn when his wife goes missing. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Vroomiz","tags":"  Joon-seok Song, Jeong-hwa Yang, Sang-hyun Um, So-yeong Lee, Jeong-shin Woo, So-yeong Hong, Tae-yeol Jeon For these half-car, half-animal friends, each day in Zippy City is a chance to have fun, be creative and use teamwork to solve difficult problems. family,foreginfamily,foregin"},{"title":"VS.","tags":" Ed Lilly Connor Swindells, Fola Evans-Akingbola, Nicholas Pinnock, Ruth Sheen, Emily Taaffe, Shotty Horroh, Paige Meade, Elliot Barnes-Worrell, Joivan Wade, Youssef Berouain, Jurell Carter, Ellie James A young man in foster care finds his voice in the underground rap battle scene. But when his mother returns, a lifetime of pain comes with her. dramadrama"},{"title":"Waar","tags":" Bilal Lashari Shaan Shahid, Shamoon Abbasi, Ayesha Khan, Meesha Shafi, Ali Azmat, Hamza Abbasi, Kamran Lashari When Pakistani authorities learn of a looming terrorist strike, they ask a retired intelligence officer to counter the attack before it's too late. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Waarrior Savitri","tags":" Param Gill Niharica Raizada, Rajat Barmecha, Lucy Pinder, Om Puri, Gulshan Grover, Tim Man, Ron Smoorenburg, KaramVeer Chaudhary In a modern adaptation of a mythological tale, a devoted wife is willing to do whatever it takes to rescue her husband from the clutches of death. action,foregin,fantasyaction,foregin,fantasy"},{"title":"Waiting","tags":" Anu Menon Naseeruddin Shah, Kalki Koechlin, Rajat Kapoor, Rajeev Ravindranathan, Ratnabali Bhattacharjee, Suhasini, Arjun Mathur While visiting his comatose wife in the hospital, a serene old professor befriends a vibrant young woman whose husband has also fallen into a coma. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Waiting...","tags":" Rob McKittrick Ryan Reynolds, Anna Faris, Justin Long, David Koechner, Luis Guzm\u00e1n, Chi McBride, John Francis Daley, Kaitlin Doubleday, Rob Benedict, Alanna Ubach, Vanessa Lengies, Dane Cook Employees turn up the antics during an eight-hour shift at the restaurant Shenaniganz when new opportunities call and boredom gets the best of them. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Wakefield","tags":" Robin Swicord Bryan Cranston, Jennifer Garner, Jason O'Mara, Beverly D'Angelo, Ian Anthony Dale, Pippa Bennett-Warner, Isaac Leyva, Victoria Bruno, Ellery Sprayberry, Tracey Walter An unhappy father and lawyer quits his suburban life and vanishes into the attic above his garage, where he watches his family move on without him. dramadrama"},{"title":"Walk with Me","tags":" Marc Francis, Max Pugh Benedict Cumberbatch, Thich Nhat Hanh A community of monks in France led by Zen Buddhist master Thich Nhat Hanh offers an intimate glimpse into mindfulness practice and the monastic life. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Walking Out","tags":" Alex Smith, Andrew J. Smith Matt Bomer, Josh Wiggins, Bill Pullman, Alex Neustaedter, Lily Gladstone A suburban teen goes hunting with his estranged father. When a mishap with a bear occurs, he must his use his survival skills to save them both. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"War","tags":" Philip G. Atwell Jet Li, Jason Statham, John Lone, Devon Aoki, Luis Guzm\u00e1n, Saul Rubinek, Sung Kang, Mathew St. Patrick, Nadine Velazquez, Andrea Roth, Mark Cheng, Kane Kosugi, Ryo Ishibashi, Steph Song When his partner is killed and all clues point to a notorious assassin, FBI agent Jack Crawford sets out for revenge in this taut action-thriller. actionaction"},{"title":"War Chhod Na Yaar","tags":" Faraz Haider Sharman Joshi, Soha Ali Khan, Javed Jaffrey, Dalip Tahil, Mukul Dev, Sanjay Mishra, Vivek Rana, Manoj Pahwa Set in an India-Pakistan border post, this satirical but thought-provoking comedy about war deals with serious events in a humorous manner. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"War Horse","tags":" Steven Spielberg Emily Watson, David Thewlis, Peter Mullan, Niels Arestrup, Tom Hiddleston, Jeremy Irvine, Benedict Cumberbatch, Toby Kebbell, David Kross, Eddie Marsan, Nicolas Bro, Rainer Bock, Patrick Kennedy, Liam Cunningham During World War I, the bond between a young Englishman and his loyal horse, Joey, is tested when Joey is sold to the cavalry and sent to France. dramadrama"},{"title":"War on Everyone","tags":" John Michael McDonagh Alexander Skarsg\u00e5rd, Michael Pe\u00f1a, Theo James, Tessa Thompson, Caleb Landry Jones, Paul Reiser, Stephanie Sigman, David Wilmot, Malcolm Barrett Terry and Bob excel at blackmailing small-time crooks. But when the two cops target a big score, they learn not all criminals are easily intimidated. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Warda","tags":" Hadi El Bagoury Nada Al Alfi, Bassel El Kadi, Samira Maqroun, Tareq Abdalla, Ahmed Awni, Emad Ghoniem, Abeer Mansour, Youssef Mohamed When an aspiring documentarian returns to his hometown to investigate paranormal happenings, his girlfriend's mental health takes a troubling turn. suspense,foregin,foreginsuspense,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Warehoused","tags":" Jack Zagha Kababie Jos\u00e9 Carlos Ruiz, Hoze Mel\u00e9ndez A soon-to-be-retiring Mr. Lino teaches 20-something Nin the strict rules of his new warehouse job in this dramedy about the absurdities of work life. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Wartime Portraits","tags":"   Part live-action and part animation, this visually inventive series offers striking portrayals of some of the unsung heroes of World War II. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Water & Power: A California Heist","tags":" Marina Zenovich  California residents and farmers face powerful barons in the struggle to secure water rights in this fresh historical account of profit and interests. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Waterschool","tags":" Tiffanie Hsu  Six young women, who each live near one of Earth's major rivers, share how the Waterschool environmental education program has impacted their lives. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"We Are Your Friends","tags":" Max Joseph Zac Efron, Wes Bentley, Emily Ratajkowski, Jonny Weston, Shiloh Fernandez, Alex Shaffer, Jon Bernthal, Alicia Coppola, Wiley M. Pickett, Jon Abrahams An ambitious young DJ who knows how to work a crowd puts everything at risk for a budding relationship with his mentor's girlfriend. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"We Belong Together","tags":" Chris Stokes Charles Malik Whitfield, Draya Michele, Elise Neal, Cassidey Fralin, Brian White, Valarie Pettiford, Gary Anthony Sturgis, Jessica Vanessa DeLeon A divorced professor shares a night of passion with a troubled student who quickly develops an unhealthy \u2013 perhaps deadly \u2013 infatuation. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"We Need to Talk","tags":" David Serrano Hugo Silva, Michelle Jenner, Ernesto Sevilla, Bel\u00e9n Cuesta, \u00d3scar Ladoire, Ilay Kurelovic, Ver\u00f3nica Forqu\u00e9, Luis Jaspe, Borja Luna, Jos\u00e9 Luis Mar\u00edn A happy woman's new love is going great, but she needs one thing: divorce papers from her depressed ex. To get them, trickery may be in order. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"We the Animals","tags":" Jeremiah Zagar Evan Rosado, Josiah Gabriel, Isaiah Kristian, Ra\u00fal Castillo, Sheila Vand, Giovanni Pacciarelli, Terry Holland, Moe Isaac, Mickey Anthony, Tom Malley A trio of brothers cope with their parents' volatile relationship by running wild and unchecked, and one of them experiences a visceral awakening. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"We, the Marines","tags":" Greg MacGillivray  Narrated by actor and former Marine Gene Hackman, this documentary showcases the experience of becoming a member of the US Marine Corps. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"We're No Animals","tags":" Alejandro Agresti John Cusack, Paul Hipp, Kevin Morris, Alejandro Agresti, Mario Alarc\u00f3n, Norman Briski, Lucila Sol\u00e1, Juana Viale, Pablo Bossi, Leticia Br\u00e9dice Unhappy with his commercial film work, a jaded Hollywood actor moves to Argentina to participate in an experimental thesis on social philosophy. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Weather forecast","tags":" Antoni Krauze Halina Buyno-\u0141oza, Zofia Cegie\u0142kowa, Barbara Chojecka, Eugenia Horecka, Zygmunt Zintel, Henryka Janikowska, Lena Wilczy\u0144ska, Jerzy Block When a delivery of coffins foreshadows a harsh winter, residents of a retirement home escape their confines and rediscover the world outside. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Weeds","tags":"  Mary-Louise Parker, Hunter Parrish, Alexander Gould, Kevin Nealon, Justin Kirk, Elizabeth Perkins, Allie Grant, Andy Milder, Tonye Patano, Romany Malco A suburban mother starts selling marijuana to her affluent neighbors so she can maintain her comfortable lifestyle after her husband's sudden death. comedy,dramacomedy,drama"},{"title":"Weeds on Fire","tags":" Chi Fat Chan Liu Kai Chi, Lam Yiu-sing, Tony Tsz-Tung Wu, Poon Chan-leung, Sun Li Man, Tam Sin Yin, Sham Ka Ki, Wang Simin, Jan Lamb In 1980s Hong Kong, a school principal forms a baseball team with an eclectic crew of local students who soon fight their way to the top of the league. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Weird Wonders of the World","tags":"  Chris Packham From animal oddities and bizarre science to medical marvels, scientists and experts examine some of the world's strangest mysteries and phenomena. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Welcome 2 Karachi","tags":" Ashish R. Mohan Arshad Warsi, Jacky Bhagnani, Lauren Gottlieb, Dalip Tahil, Pavan Malhotra, Ayub Khoso, Adnan Shah Denied a U.S. visa, two dim Indian men decide to sneak into America on a boat. Fate, however, leaves them stranded on a beach \u2013 in Karachi, Pakistan. comedy,foregincomedy,foregin"},{"title":"Welcome to Monster High: The Origin Story","tags":" Stephen Donnelly, Olly Reid, Jun Falkenstein Debi Derryberry, Cassandra Morris, Salli Saffioti, Larissa Gallagher, Cristina Milizia, Michael Sorich, Jonquil Goode, Travis Dresden, Evan Smith Dracula's daughter Draculaura sets out to create a new kind of school where monsters of all kinds can be themselves and have a scary good time. familyfamily"},{"title":"Welcome to New York","tags":" Abel Ferrara G\u00e9rard Depardieu, Jacqueline Bisset, Marie Mout\u00e9, Paul Calderon, Paul Hipp, Pamela Afesi, Chris Zois, Shanyn Leigh, Drena De Niro, Amy Ferguson, Aurelie Claudel, Nikki James A lecherous World Bank official sees his reputation crumbling when he's accused of raping a hotel maid during a trip to New York. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Welcome to Willits","tags":" Trevor Ryan Bill Sage, Sabina Gadecki, Anastasia Baranova, Dolph Lundgren, Thomas Dekker, Karrueche Tran, Chris Zylka, Keelin Woodell, Garrett Clayton, Shad Gaspard, Rory Culkin A marijuana farmer's extraterrestrial paranoia creates trouble for a group of young campers who pitch their tent on his land in Northern California. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Westerplatte Resists","tags":" Stanis\u0142aw R\u00f3\u017cewicz Zygmunt H\u00fcbner, Arkadiusz Bazak, Tadeusz Schmidt, J\u00f3zef Nowak, Tadeusz Pluci\u0144ski, Bogusz Bilewski At the onset of World War II, a Polish infantry lacking firepower fight to build a strong defense and protect their peninsula against enemy forces. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"What a Wonderful Family!","tags":" Huang Lei Huang Lei, Sun Li, Lee Li-Chun, Zhang Weixin, Hai Qing, Wang Xun, Wei Daxun, Lorene Ren, Lei Huang In a large family living under one roof, a storm brews when the matriarch requests a divorce from her husband on their 50th anniversary. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"What Happens to My Family","tags":"  Settar Tanr\u0131\u00f6\u011fen, Uraz Kayg\u0131laro\u011flu, Berna Koralt\u00fcrk, Melis T\u00fcz\u00fcng\u00fc\u00e7, \u00d6zg\u00fcn Karaman, T\u00fclay Bursa, Tolga Pancaro\u011flu, Ertun\u00e7 Tuncer, Cansu G\u00fcltekin A na\u00efve young woman goes to Istanbul to meet the now-grown boy who jokingly promised to marry her in 11 years after she saved his life as a child. foregin,comedy,dramaforegin,comedy,drama"},{"title":"What Is Love?","tags":"  Chris Wu, Jade Chou, Duncan Lai, King Chin, Kimi Hsia, Gina Lim A 32-year-old romantic looking for a long-term, monogamous relationship meets a handsome bad boy who only believes in one-night stands. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"What Lies Beneath","tags":" Robert Zemeckis Harrison Ford, Michelle Pfeiffer, Diana Scarwid, Joe Morton, James Remar, Miranda Otto, Wendy Crewson, Ray Baker, Micole Mercurio, Amber Valletta, Sloane Shelton When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. suspense,suspensesuspense,suspense"},{"title":"What Makes a Psychopath?","tags":" Rebecca Harrison  This wide-ranging documentary examines the behaviors considered in a diagnosis of psychopathy and includes nonviolent, successful figures in history. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"What Still Remains","tags":" Josh Mendoza Lulu Antariksa, Colin O'Donoghue, Mimi Rogers, Peter O'Brien, Dohn Norwood, Jeff Kober, Roshon Fegan, Siena Goines, Chris Ellis, Tobias Jelinek Struggling to survive alone post-apocalypse, a young woman is offered protection by an unknown man, but his village may not be the haven she imagines. drama,suspensedrama,suspense"},{"title":"What's Up With Love?","tags":" Rudy Soedjarwo, Riri Riza Dian Sastrowardoyo, Nicholas Saputra, Ladya Cheryll, Titi Kamal, Sissy Priscillia, Adinia Wirasti, Dennis Adhiswara A popular high school girl strains her relationship with her close-knit clique when she begins falling for a reclusive, lower-class schoolmate. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"When Calls the Heart","tags":"  Erin Krakow, Daniel Lissing, Lori Loughlin, Martin Cummins, Chelah Horsdal, Gracyn Shinyei, Jack Wagner, Mitchell Kummen, Loretta Walsh, Erica Carroll, Darius Zaviceanu, Charlotte Hegele, Steve Bacic, Adrian Hough Leaving behind her upper-crust city roots, a woman journeys west in the early 1900s to become a teacher in a small Canadian mining community. dramadrama"},{"title":"When Hari Got Married","tags":" Ritu Sarin, Tenzing Sonam  A small-town taxi driver is arranged to be married, resulting in an intimate look at the clash between modernity and tradition in India. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"When Two Worlds Collide","tags":" Heidi Brandenburg, Mathew Orzel  This documentary takes a hard look at how indigenous peoples clashed violently with the Peruvian government over land and economics in the Amazon. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Where the Money Is","tags":" Marek Kanievska Paul Newman, Linda Fiorentino, Dermot Mulroney, Susan Barnes, Anne Pitoniak, Bruce MacVittie, Irma St. Paule, Michel Perron, Dorothy Gordon, Rita Tuckett Paul Newman proves he's still got prodigious acting chops, playing an aging bank robber who may have one last job in him. Faking a stroke, the incarcerated Newman is transferred to a nursing home and the care of a skeptical nurse. action,comedy,dramaaction,comedy,drama"},{"title":"Where's the Money","tags":" Scott Zabielski Andrew Bachelor, Kat Graham, Mike Epps, Terry Crews, Method Man, Logan Paul, Allen Maldonado, Josh Brener, Devon Werkheiser, Retta Hunting for a stash of stolen money, a sharp-witted slacker from South Central Los Angeles infiltrates an all-white college fraternity. comedycomedy"},{"title":"While We're Young","tags":" Noah Baumbach Ben Stiller, Naomi Watts, Adam Driver, Amanda Seyfried, Charles Grodin, Adam Horovitz, Dree Hemingway, Brady Corbet, Maria Dizzia, Matthew Maher, Peter Yarrow, Dean Wareham A documentary filmmaker struggling with a creative block meets a vibrant young hipster couple who, initially, bring new energy into his life and work. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"White Chamber","tags":" Paul Raschid Shauna MacDonald, Oded Fehr, Amrita Acharia, Sharon Maughan, Nicholas Farrell, Candis Nergaard, Marcus Griffiths, Adrianna Edwards, Sumit Chakravarti, Lisa Reynolds When a civil war ravages the UK, a scientist awakens in a futuristic cell and is tortured by her captor for information she claims she doesn't possess. fantasy,suspensefantasy,suspense"},{"title":"White Island","tags":" Benjamin Turner Lyndon Ogbourne, Billy Zane, Billy Boyd, Joel Dommett, Elliot Gleave, Gala Gordon, Darren Day, Owain Arthur, Craig Gazey, Ben Cura Returning to Ibiza after several years walking the straight and narrow in London, Connor falls back in with a criminal crowd. It's like he never left. comedy,foregin,suspensecomedy,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Who the F**k Is That Guy?","tags":" Drew Stone Michael Alago Take a ride through the life of record exec Michael Alago, a gay Puerto Rican New Yorker who signed a slew of musical acts, including Metallica. documental,lgbt,musicdocumental,lgbt,music"},{"title":"Who's That Knocking at My Door?","tags":" Martin Scorsese Zina Bethune, Harvey Keitel, Anne Collette, Lennard Kuras, Michael Scala, Harry Northup, Susan Wood, Marissa Mathes, Catherine Scorsese A woman's revelation that she was once raped sends her boyfriend, a reformed street thug, into an emotional and spiritual tailspin. classic,drama,foreginclassic,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Who's the One","tags":"  Tien Hsin, Weber Yang, Pink Yang, Johnny Lu, Amanda Chou, Xiu Qin A doctor performs plastic surgery on a fat man who's been jilted, and continues his transformation by turning him into a handsome, desirable man. foregin,romance,comedyforegin,romance,comedy"},{"title":"Why Are We Getting So Fat?","tags":" Milla Harrison-Hansley, Alicky Sussman Giles Yeo A Cambridge geneticist dispels misconceptions about living with obesity and explores why the epidemic continues to expand across the UK and America. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Why Knot","tags":" Dhruv Dhawan  Pressured by his traditional family to marry, a filmmaker explores the idea of monogamy and the possibility of lifelong union without sexual fidelity. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Why We Fight: The Battle of Russia","tags":" Frank Capra, Anatole Litvak  This installment of Frank Capra's acclaimed documentary series highlights the need for a Russo-American alliance to defeat the Nazis. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Wild Alaska","tags":"  Dougray Scott The natural bounty of Alaska sustains its diverse species through extreme weather conditions in three seasons, each with its rewards and challenges. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Wild Arabia","tags":"  Alexander Siddig The widely varied geology and dramatic landscapes in the continental crossroads of Arabia harbors a rich history and an abundance of wildlife. foregin,documental,documentalforegin,documental,documental"},{"title":"Wild Wild West","tags":" Barry Sonnenfeld Will Smith, Kevin Kline, Kenneth Branagh, Salma Hayek, M. Emmet Walsh, Ted Levine, Frederique Van Der Wal, Musetta Vander, Sofia Eng, Bai Ling Armed with an ingenious arsenal, two top-notch government agents are tasked with tracking down a diabolical scientist in this futuristic Western. action,comedy,fantasyaction,comedy,fantasy"},{"title":"Wildlife","tags":" Paul Dano Carey Mulligan, Ed Oxenbould, Bill Camp, Jake Gyllenhaal, Mollie Milligan, Darryl Cox A teen\u2019s life in 1960 Montana grows complicated when his father is fired, his mother returns to work, and the strain on the family begins to show. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Williams","tags":" Morgan Matthews  This inspiring documentary charts the birth of Sir Frank Williams's renowned racing empire \u2013 and the near-fatal crash that nearly stalled its future. documental,foregin,sportsdocumental,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory","tags":" Mel Stuart Gene Wilder, Jack Albertson, Peter Ostrum, Roy Kinnear, Julie Dawn Cole, Leonard Stone, Denise Nickerson, Dodo Denney, Paris Themmen, Ursula Reit Zany Willy Wonka causes a stir when he announces that golden tickets hidden inside his candy bars will admit holders into his secret confectionary. family,classic,comedyfamily,classic,comedy"},{"title":"Winnie","tags":" Pascale Lamche  Winnie Mandela speaks about her extraordinary and controversial career, from her early life to her marriage to her ongoing efforts to end apartheid. documental,foregindocumental,foregin"},{"title":"Winsanity","tags":"  Donald Faison Actor Donald Faison hosts this game show in which contestants must arrange numerical-based trivia tidbits from largest to smallest for various prizes. showshow"},{"title":"Winter of Our Dreams","tags":" John Duigan Judy Davis, Bryan Brown, Cathy Downes, Baz Luhrmann, Peter Mochrie, Mervyn Drake, Margie McCrae After the death of a long-ago lover, married philanderer Rob tracks down her friend, a drug-addicted prostitute desperate to escape her dead-end life. classic,dramaclassic,drama"},{"title":"Winter Sun","tags":"  \u015e\u00fckr\u00fc \u00d6zy\u0131ld\u0131z, Asl\u0131 Enver, \u015eenay G\u00fcrler, Ba\u015fak Parlak, Mahir G\u00fcn\u015firay, Hakan Boyav, Hakan Ger\u00e7ek, Berrak Ku\u015f, Gamze S\u00fcner Atay, Mehmet Esen Years after ruthless businessmen kill his father and order the death of his twin brother, a modest fisherman adopts a new persona to exact revenge. foregin,drama,suspenseforegin,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Winter's Bone","tags":" Debra Granik Jennifer Lawrence, John Hawkes, Kevin Breznahan, Dale Dickey, Garret Dillahunt, Sheryl Lee, Lauren Sweetser, Tate Taylor In this unflinching noir drama, a resilient teen goes on the trail of her missing, drug-dealing father when his absence threatens the family's safety. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Wish I Was Here","tags":" Zach Braff Zach Braff, Kate Hudson, Donald Faison, Joey King, Josh Gad, Jim Parsons, Pierce Gagnon, Mandy Patinkin, Ashley Greene, Michael Weston With his acting career moribund, Aidan Bloom steers a new tack in life, taking over his children's education when private school becomes too costly. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Wish Man","tags":" Theo Davies Andrew Steel, Kirby Bliss Blanton, Tom Sizemore, Danny Trejo, Frank Whaley, Robert Pine, Fay Masterson, Steven Michael Quezada, Bruce Davison, Dale Dickey, Kenny Roberts, Colin Edwards, Casey Stoner, Freddie Spencer After surviving a life-threatening accident, a troubled cop finds new purpose when he bonds with a terminally ill little boy. Based on a true story. family,dramafamily,drama"},{"title":"Withdrawn","tags":" Adrian Murray Aaron Keogh, Molly Reisman, Dean Tardioli, Greg Wasylyszn, Adrian Murray, Kelly Paoli, Earl Oliveros, Hallie Burt Unable to pay bills and unwilling to change his slacker lifestyle, twentysomething Aaron hatches a defrauding scheme when he finds a lost credit card. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Wolves","tags":" Bart Freundlich Michael Shannon, Carla Gugino, Taylor John Smith, Chris Bauer, John Douglas Thompson, Zazie Beetz, Wayne Duvall, Christopher Meyer, Richard Kohnke A promising high school basketball player has his eye on an Ivy League scholarship. But his father's secret addictions could ruin everything. drama,foregin,sportsdrama,foregin,sports"},{"title":"Women Behind Bars","tags":"   This reality series recounts true stories of women who have been convicted for murder, including an in-depth examination of each crime. action,documentalaction,documental"},{"title":"Woodstock","tags":" Barak Goodman  For the 50th anniversary of the legendary Woodstock festival, organizers and attendees reminisce about one of the defining moments of the 1960s. documental,musicdocumental,music"},{"title":"World Trade Center","tags":" Oliver Stone Nicolas Cage, Michael Pe\u00f1a, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Maria Bello, Stephen Dorff, Jay Hernandez, Michael Shannon, Frank Whaley, Jon Bernthal, Morgan Flynn, Nick Damici, Viola Davis, William Mapother Working under treacherous conditions, an army of dedicated rescuers struggles to find anyone who survived the World Trade Center's tragic collapse. action,dramaaction,drama"},{"title":"World's Busiest Cities","tags":"  Anita Rani, Ade Adepitan, Dan Snow From Moscow to Mexico City, three BBC journalists delve into the inner workings of some of the most burgeoning metropolises on Earth. foregin,documentalforegin,documental"},{"title":"Would You Rather","tags":" David Guy Levy Brittany Snow, Jeffrey Combs, Jonny Coyne, Lawrence Gilliard Jr., Enver Gjokaj, Sasha Grey, John Heard, Charlie Hofheimer, Logan Miller, June Squibb, Eddie Steeples, Robin Lord Taylor, Robb Wells In need of cash to help her sick brother, a young woman agrees to take part in a lethal winner-takes-all parlor game hosted by a sadistic millionaire. suspense,foregin,suspensesuspense,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Wrong No.","tags":" Yasir Nawaz Javed Sheikh, Danish Taimoor, Janita Asma, Nayyar Ejaz, Qavi Khan, Shafqat Cheema, Sohai Ali Abro, Nadeem Jafri Two identical strangers pursue their respective dreams after exchanging lives and getting out from under the thumb of their controlling loved ones. comedy,foregin,romancecomedy,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Wrong Side Raju","tags":" Mikhil Musale Pratik Gandhi, Kimberley Louisa McBeath, Asif Basra, Kavi Shastri, Hetal Puniwala, Ragi Jani, Makarand Shukla, Alok Gagdekar, Jayesh More, Siddharth Randeria, Kenneth Desai The life of a chauffeur and part-time bootlegger takes a turn toward the dramatic when a girl approaches him to buy illicit alcohol. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"WWII: Report from the Aleutians","tags":" John Huston  Filmmaker John Huston narrates this Oscar-nominated World War II-era film about life among the U.S. soldiers protecting Alaska\u2019s Aleutian Islands. documentaldocumental"},{"title":"Wyatt Earp","tags":" Lawrence Kasdan Kevin Costner, Dennis Quaid, Gene Hackman, David Andrews, Linden Ashby, Jeff Fahey, Joanna Going, Mark Harmon, Michael Madsen, Catherine O'Hara, Bill Pullman, Isabella Rossellini, Tom Sizemore Legendary lawman Wyatt Earp is continually at odds with a gang of renegade cowboys, culminating in a fiery showdown with the outlaws at the OK Corral. actionaction"},{"title":"XX","tags":" Jovanka Vuckovic, Annie Clark, Roxanne Benjamin, Karyn Kusama Natalie Brown, Jonathan Watton, Melanie Lynskey, Lindsay Burdge, Sheila Vand, Casey Adams, Breeda Wool, Angela Trimbur, Morgan Krantz, Christina Kirk, Kyle Allen, Mike Doyle This four-part anthology of short horror films features stories that include some traditional themes but all are shown from a female point of view. suspensesuspense"},{"title":"XXx","tags":" Rob Cohen Vin Diesel, Asia Argento, Marton Csokas, Samuel L. Jackson, Danny Trejo, Michael Roof, Tom Everett, Richy M\u00fcller, William Hope, Werner Daehn A notorious underground rush-seeker deemed untouchable by the law is coerced into cooperating with the government to infiltrate a Russian crime ring. action,sportsaction,sports"},{"title":"XXX: State of the Union","tags":" Lee Tamahori Ice Cube, Samuel L. Jackson, Willem Dafoe, Scott Speedman, Peter Strauss, Xzibit, Michael Roof, Sunny Mabrey, Nona Gaye, John Gleeson Connolly In this action-packed follow-up to XXX, U.S. intelligence officer Augustus Gibbons must thwart a massive conspiracy to overthrow the government. actionaction"},{"title":"Y Tu Mam\u00e1 Tambi\u00e9n","tags":" Alfonso Cuar\u00f3n Maribel Verd\u00fa, Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal, Diego Luna, Daniel Gim\u00e9nez Cacho, Ana L\u00f3pez Mercado, Nathan Grinberg, Ver\u00f3nica Langer, Mar\u00eda Aura, Giselle Audirac, Arturo R\u00edos, Andr\u00e9s Almeida, Diana Bracho, Emilio Echevarr\u00eda When rich teens Tenoch and Julio meet the alluring, older Luisa, they try to impress her with stories of a road trip, then convince her to join them. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Y.M.I.: Yeh Mera India","tags":" N. Chandra Anupam Kher, Atul Kulkarni, Aakash Pandey, Milind Gunaji, Perizaad Zorabian, Smiley Suri, Parvin Dabas, Rajit Kapoor, Purab Kohli, Rajpal Yadav, Sarika, Sayaji Shinde, Seema Biswas, Vijay Raaz, Ashwin Mushran, Veerendra Saxena, Siddhant Karnick The lives of a middle-aged soap opera addict, an ambitious career woman, a fervent activist and nine others from different walks of Indian life intersect in Mumbai. But this vibrant melting pot threatens to bubble over with bias and bigotry. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Yaadein","tags":" Subhash Ghai Jackie Shroff, Hrithik Roshan, Kareena Kapoor, Amrish Puri, Kiran Rathod, Rati Agnihotri, Supriya Karnik, Anang Desai Two young lovers set out to overcome the obstacles that stand in the way of their marriage, beginning with the objections of the girl's father. drama,foregin,romancedrama,foregin,romance"},{"title":"Yaara O Dildaara","tags":" Ksshitij Chaudhary Harbhajan Mann, Tulip Joshi, Kabir Bedi, Gulzar Chahal, Jonita, Gurpreet Ghuggi, Gurpreet Grewal, Neena Cheema, Sunita Dhir The patriarch of a wealthy family with one industrious son and one who's a playboy arranges for the marriage of one to the woman the other loves. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"},{"title":"Yamla Pagla Deewana 2","tags":" Sangeeth Sivan Dharmendra, Sunny Deol, Bobby Deol, Neha Sharma, Kristina Akheeva, Annu Kapoor, Johnny Lever, Sucheta Khanna, Aidan Cook, Anupam Kher Up to his old tricks, con man Dharam poses as a millionaire to get his younger son married to the daughter of a wealthy businessman. action,comedy,foreginaction,comedy,foregin"},{"title":"Yanda Kartavya Aahe","tags":" Kedar Shinde Ankush Choudhary, Smita Shewale, Mohan Joshi, Atmaram Bhende, Asha Bhende Thanks to an arranged marriage that was designed to make an ailing grandmother happy, newlyweds Rahul and Swati are virtually strangers. Can a four-day honeymoon make a difference when it comes to the couple's feelings about each other? comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"\u064a\u0648\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u062f\u064a\u0646","tags":" Abu Bakr Shawky Rady Gamal, Ahmed Abdelhafiz, Shahira Fahmy, Shehab Ibrahim, Mohamed Abd El Azim, Osama Abdullah, Khaled Raafat, Mohamed Qishta, Shoq Emara, Mahmoud Fares A man cured of leprosy and a young orphan leave their colony for the first time to travel across Egypt, hoping to find the families they lost. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Yeh Meri Family","tags":"  Vishesh Bansal, Mona Singh, Akarsh Khurana, Ahan Nirban, Ruhi Khan, Prasad Reddy, Revathi Pillai In the summer of 1998, middle child Harshu balances school, family, friendship and other challenges of growing up. foregin,comedyforegin,comedy"},{"title":"Yellowbird","tags":" Christian De Vita Dakota Fanning, Seth Green, Christine Baranski, Zachary Gordon, Richard Kind, Danny Glover, Elliott Gould, Ryan Lee, Jim Rash, Yvette Nicole Brown, Kostja Ullmann An orphaned bird tags along with a flock on their long migration to Africa and becomes a hero when his newfound \"family\" runs into trouble. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Yes or No","tags":" Saratswadee Wongsomphet Sushar Manaying, Supanart Jittaleela, Arisara Thongborisut, Soranut Yupanun, Inthira Yeunyong Traditional girl Pie is initially uncomfortable with her tomboyish new roommate. But as time goes on, she finds herself increasingly attracted to her. foregin,lgbt,romanceforegin,lgbt,romance"},{"title":"Yes or No 2","tags":" Saratswadee Wongsomphet Supanart Jittaleela, Sushar Manaying, Nisa Boonsantear, Apittha Khlaiudom, Apapattra Meesang No longer university girls, Kim and Pie face new hurdles in their relationship, including work, new friends and other distractions. foregin,lgbt,romanceforegin,lgbt,romance"},{"title":"Yes or No 2.5","tags":" Kirati Nakintanon Supanart Jittaleela, Pimpakan Bangchawong, Chansakorn Kittiwattanakorn, Sunanta Yoonniyom Roommates Wine and Pie find their lives turned upside down when two more ladies move in next door, bringing up past heartaches and new attractions. foregin,lgbt,romanceforegin,lgbt,romance"},{"title":"Yo-Kai Watch","tags":"  Johnny Yong Bosch, J.W. Terry, Alicyn Packard, Melissa Hutchison, Pierre Holloway, Brent Pendergrass Nate frees a mythical being trapped in a magic capsule, and the two new friends have adventures with all sorts of troublesome supernatural creatures. anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Yo-Kai Watch: The Movie","tags":" Mark Risley Johnny Yong Bosch, Joey D'Auria, Alicyn Packard, Melissa Hutchison, Paul Greenberg, Brent Pendergrass Nate's special Yo-Kai Watch is missing. He travels back in time to meet the watch's inventor, his grandfather. Together, they must restore history! anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Yoga Hosers","tags":" Kevin Smith Harley Quinn Smith, Lily-Rose Depp, Johnny Depp, Justin Long, Austin Butler, Tyler Posey, Stan Lee, Jason Mewes, Adam Brody, Haley Joel Osment, Genesis Rodriguez With an all-important high school party at stake, two teen yoga fanatics enlist a man hunter to help fight an army of monsters created by Nazis. comedy,suspense,foregincomedy,suspense,foregin"},{"title":"Yoko and His Friends","tags":"  Eileen Stevens, Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld, Sarah Natochenny, H.D. Quinn Vik meets new friends in a new city, where they go on exciting adventures together with a magical being. But soon, his family must move again. familyfamily"},{"title":"You Can Tutu","tags":" James Brown Lily O'Regan, Jeannettsy Enriquez Borges, Joeley Gibson, Zahra Hassan Malik, Cleo Badcock, Stuart Manning, Ali Bastian, Amanda Holt A gifted young ballet dancer struggles to find her footing in an uptight ballet school that brings her and her family to a brand-new neighborhood. familyfamily"},{"title":"You Can\u2019t Fight Christmas","tags":" Kenny Young Brely Evans, Andra Fuller, Persia White, Porscha Coleman, Travis Winfrey, Nathan Davis Jr., Dedrick Bonner, Matthew Jones, Larry Poindexter, Richard Gant, Marla Gibbs After stepping in to revitalize his family's hotel, a money-minded businessman clashes with the hotel's cheery, Christmas-loving decorator. comedy,romancecomedy,romance"},{"title":"You Carry Me","tags":" Ivona Juka Lana Baric, Vojislav Brajovic, Natasa Janjic, Goran Hajdukovic, Helena Beljan, Juraj Dabic, Natasa Dorcic, Sebastian Cavazza, Ana Begic, Krunoslav Saric A soap opera producer, director and makeup artist each face wrenching family turmoil, from teen rebellion and marital infidelity to Alzheimer's. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"You Changed My Life","tags":" Cathy Garcia-Molina John Lloyd Cruz, Sarah Geronimo, Rayver Cruz, Dante Rivero, Rowell Santiago, Al Tantay, Irma Adlawan, Bernard Palanca, Matet De Leon, Joross Gamboa Laida and Miggy think they've found perfect happiness with each other, until their burgeoning careers force them into a long-distance relationship. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"You Don't Mess with the Zohan","tags":" Dennis Dugan Adam Sandler, John Turturro, Emmanuelle Chriqui, Nick Swardson, Lainie Kazan, Ido Mosseri, Rob Schneider, Dave Matthews, Michael Buffer, Charlotte Rae An Israeli counterterrorism soldier with a secretly fabulous ambition to become a Manhattan hairstylist will do anything to make his dreams come true. action,comedyaction,comedy"},{"title":"Young Adult","tags":" Jason Reitman Charlize Theron, Patton Oswalt, Patrick Wilson, Elizabeth Reaser, Jill Eikenberry, Mary Beth Hurt, Collette Wolfe, Richard Bekins, Kate Nowlin When a divorced writer gets a letter from an old boyfriend announcing his wife's had a baby, she returns to her hometown to reconnect with her ex. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Young Tiger","tags":" Mu Chu Qiu Yuen, Charlie Chin, Jackie Chan, Hu Chin, Nan Chiang Aided only by a tough female police officer, a Hong Kong taxi driver tries to escape from gangsters pursuing incriminating evidence left in his cab. action,foreginaction,foregin"},{"title":"Yours, Mine and Ours","tags":" Raja Gosnell Dennis Quaid, Rene Russo, Sean Faris, Katija Pevec, Dean Collins, Tyler Patrick Jones, Haley Ramm, Brecken Palmer, Bridger Palmer, Ty Panitz When a father of eight and a mother of 10 prepare to wed, the couple's children attempt to sabotage the union in this remake of a 1968 comedy. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"\u0627\u0634\u062a\u0628\u0627\u0643","tags":" Mohamed Diab Nelly Karim, Hany Adel, Tarek Abdel Aziz, Ahmed Malek, Ahmed Dash, Husni Sheta, Aly Eltayeb, Amr El Kady, Mohamed Abd El Azim, Gameel Barsoum, Ashraf Hamdy Amid the tumult following Egyptian President Morsi's ouster, demonstrators from divergent backgrounds are brought together inside a police truck. drama,foregin,foregindrama,foregin,foregin"},{"title":"Yu-Gi-Oh! Arc-V","tags":"  Mike Liscio, Emily Bauer, Billy Bob Thompson, Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld, Michael Crouch Now that he's discovered the Pendulum Summoning technique, Yuya's dream of becoming the greatest \"dueltainer\" is in reach \u2013 but it won't be easy! anime,familyanime,family"},{"title":"Yunus Emre","tags":"  G\u00f6khan Atalay, Payidar T\u00fcfek\u00e7ioglu, Baran Akbulut, Mehmet \u00c7epi\u00e7, Seda Tosun, Mehmet Ali Tuncer, Asuman \u00c7ak\u0131r, M\u00fcge Uyar, R\u00fczgar Aksoy, Ergun Ta\u015f, Sedat Erdi\u015f, Ahmet Talay, Umut Tanyolu, Murat Ercanl\u0131, Birand Tunca, Atilla Kili\u00e7, Saygin Asan, Emrah Girgin During the Mongol invasions, Yunus Emre leaves his home to travel across the Ottoman Empire, defying hardships and temptations to become a dervish. foregin,dramaforegin,drama"},{"title":"Zak Storm","tags":"  Michael Johnston, Jessica Gee-George, Christine Marie Cabanos, Christopher Smith, Max Mittelman, Reba Buhr, Kyle Hebert Teen surfer Zak Storm is mysteriously transported to the Bermuda Triangle, where he becomes the captain of a magical ship full of misfits. familyfamily"},{"title":"Zed Plus","tags":" Chandra Prakash Dwivedi Adil Hussain, Mona Singh, K.K. Raina, Sanjay Mishra, Anil Rastogi, Ravi Jhankal, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Ekavali Khanna, Mukesh Tiwari, Vinod Acharya A philandering small-town mechanic's political ambitions are sparked when the visiting prime minister mistakenly grants him special security clearance. comedy,drama,foregincomedy,drama,foregin"},{"title":"Zenda","tags":" Avadhoot Gupte Santosh Juvekar, Siddharth Chandekar, Sachit Patil, Chinmay Mandlekar, Rajesh Shringarpure, Pushkar Shrotri, Tejashree Pradhan, Neha Joshi A change in the leadership of a political party sparks bitter conflict and the party's division into two rival factions. drama,foregindrama,foregin"},{"title":"Zindagi Gulzar Hai","tags":"  Sanam Saeed, Fawad Khan, Ayesha Omer, Mehreen Raheel, Sheheryar Munawar, Samina Peerzada, Waseem Abbas, Javed Sheikh, Hina Khawaja Bayat Strong-willed, middle-class Kashaf and carefree, wealthy Zaroon meet in college, but before love can take root, they each have some growing up to do. foregin,romance,dramaforegin,romance,drama"},{"title":"Zinzana","tags":" Majid Al Ansari Ali Suliman, Saleh Bakri, Yasa, Ali Al-Jabri, Mansoor Alfeeli, Ahd Recovering alcoholic Talal wakes up inside a small-town police station cell, where he's subject to the mind games of a psychotic sadist. drama,foregin,suspensedrama,foregin,suspense"},{"title":"Zodiac","tags":" David Fincher Mark Ruffalo, Jake Gyllenhaal, Robert Downey Jr., Anthony Edwards, Brian Cox, Elias Koteas, Donal Logue, John Carroll Lynch, Dermot Mulroney, Chlo\u00eb Sevigny A political cartoonist, a crime reporter and a pair of cops investigate San Francisco's infamous Zodiac Killer in this thriller based on a true story. classic,drama,suspenseclassic,drama,suspense"},{"title":"Zombieland","tags":" Ruben Fleischer Jesse Eisenberg, Woody Harrelson, Emma Stone, Abigail Breslin, Amber Heard, Bill Murray, Derek Graf Looking to survive in a world taken over by zombies, a dorky college student teams with an urban roughneck and a pair of grifter sisters. comedy,suspensecomedy,suspense"},{"title":"Zoom","tags":" Peter Hewitt Tim Allen, Courteney Cox, Chevy Chase, Kate Mara, Ryan Newman, Michael Cassidy, Spencer Breslin, Rip Torn, Kevin Zegers Dragged from civilian life, a former superhero must train a new crop of youthful saviors when the military preps for an attack by a familiar villain. family,comedyfamily,comedy"},{"title":"Zubaan","tags":" Mozez Singh Vicky Kaushal, Sarah-Jane Dias, Raaghav Chanana, Manish Chaudhary, Meghna Malik, Malkeet Rauni, Anita Shabdish, Chittaranjan Tripathy A scrappy but poor boy worms his way into a tycoon's dysfunctional family, while facing his fear of music and the truth about his past. drama,foregin,musicdrama,foregin,music"}]